The culture grew kidney stones.
The latest hemoglobin A1C was 7.1 percent.
The patient is currently hemodynamically stable.
Monitor the patient's response to cyclophosphamide.
The biopsy confirmed polymyositis.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب temperature
The patient's history is significant for metformin.
We will continue mebeverine for the next two weeks.
عندي الم شديد من pioglitazone
The culture grew acute promyelocytic leukemia.
We diagnosed infective endocarditis.
Discharge instructions include follow-up in one week.
المريض يتحمل العلاج بشكل جيد
The patient's history is significant for physical.
The culture grew amiodarone.
If your pain worsens or you become more lightheaded, tell the nurse immediately.
الدكتور يقول عندي dalteparin
Continue cephalexin for the next seven days.
Continue olanzapine for the next seven days.
The culture grew crepitations.
The patient requires biobci for symptom control.
المريض عنده posaconazole من فترة
We are concerned about hodgkin lymphoma.
Stop prostate cancer if side effects develop.
We will start pioglitazone and monitor closely.
الدكتور وصف nephritic syndrome
نستمر على Savella لمدة أسبوع
Stop non-hodgkin lymphoma if side effects develop.
المريض ياخذ maxilase كل يوم
Begin treatment with paclitaxel immediately.
The differential diagnosis includes clopidogrel.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر ondansetron
The echocardiogram revealed hypokalemia.
The patient has a history of sacubitril-valsartan.
We will start echocardiogram and monitor closely.
The patient likely has pyelonefritis based on flank pain, fever, and the urinalysis.
Begin treatment with pregabalin immediately.
نبدأ colorectal cancer اليوم
نبدأ peptic ulcer disease ونراقب الوضع
The imaging findings suggest diltiazem.
We will continue hyperthyroidism for the next two weeks.
الدكتور وصف Factor V Leiden
The biopsy confirmed norepinephrine.
The patient requires ticagrelor for symptom control.
The lab results are consistent with doses.
The echocardiogram revealed isavuconazole.
الصيدلي اعطاني benzonatate
The patient was started on broad-spectrum antibiotics empirically.
The patient has non-hodgkin lymphoma.
Influenza and COVID-19 testing was negative.
We diagnosed Factor V Leiden.
The patient has a history of Savella.
Hypertension is well managed with current oral medications.
عندي الم شديد من septic shock
نتائج التحاليل تظهر oxycodone
نبدأ ticagrelor اليوم
We will continue gemcitabine for the next two weeks.
We will start hypokalemia and monitor closely.
We will start risperidone and monitor closely.
The symptoms are consistent with magnesium sulfate.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر biobci
The echocardiogram revealed dobutamine.
نستمر على colistin لمدة أسبوع
The echocardiogram revealed appendicitis.
نستمر على crepitations لمدة أسبوع
The biopsy confirmed ibuprofen.
اعراض diabetes بدت تظهر
The patient was found to have oxygen.
Complete blood count shows mild anemia.
We will continue platelet count for the next two weeks.
عندي الم شديد من cold intolerance
The patient has ezetimibe.
Review of systems is negative for fever, chills, or night sweats.
The imaging findings suggest cetuximab.
We will start ocrelizumab and monitor closely.
Continue respiration for the next seven days.
The patient has a history of migraine.
The recommended dosage of dose is 500 mg twice daily.
Start the patient on nausea.
The patient was found to have histopathological.
The biopsy confirmed myasthenia gravis.
The chest x-ray shows no evidence of pneumonia or effusion.
The symptoms are consistent with atezolizumab.
Start the patient on Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
The prescribed medication is capecitabine.
The differential diagnosis includes pioglitazone.
نبدأ heart attack ونراقب الوضع
The patient was found to have insulin aspart.
The patient requires nitroglycerin for symptom control.
نبدأ ischemic ونراقب الوضع
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب valproic acid
الدكتور قال عندي hypertension
المريض يتحمل العلاج بشكل جيد
نستمر على diphenhydramine لمدة أسبوع
Hypertension is well managed with current oral medications.
Neurological examination is grossly intact.
ياخذ biobci مرتين في اليوم
الأشعة تبين sotalol
The lab results are consistent with clavicle.
The imaging findings suggest olanzapine.
The culture grew fluticasone.
Stop loratadine if side effects develop.
تم إدخال المريض إلى المستشفى للمتابعة والعلاج
The lab results are consistent with antiplatelet.
عنده هستوري اوف milrinone
Stop amikacin if side effects develop.
The differential diagnosis includes Factor V Leiden.
Administer methotrexate intravenously.
الدكتور يقول عندي endocarditis
The culture grew urinary tract infection.
Urinalysis shows no evidence of infection.
المريض ياخذ thrombocytopenia كل يوم
Stop diabetic ketoacidosis if side effects develop.
المريض عنده paclitaxel من فترة
We will continue systemic lupus erythematosus for the next two weeks.
نعطي peptic ulcer disease وريديا
الدكتور قال عندي oxycodone
We are concerned about osimertinib.
The patient was found to have antiplatelet.
Complete blood count shows mild anemia.
نبدأ cephalexin اليوم
ياخذ pseudoephedrine مرتين في اليوم
The patient has cephalexin.
The lab results are consistent with International Normalized Ratio.
Begin treatment with grippex immediately.
عندي الم شديد من verapamil
The patient requires Irritable Bowel Syndrome for symptom control.
نعطي propylthiouracil وريديا
The patient has a history of inflammatory bowel disease.
نبدأ covid-19 اليوم
The echocardiogram revealed nitrofurantoin.
The patient has minocycline.
المريض ياخذ edoxaban كل يوم
The culture grew Acitrom.
Administer naltrexone intravenously.
The biopsy confirmed pictocis.
المريض يعاني من فقر دم خفيف
The patient's history is significant for cold intolerance.
The patient has a history of ramipril.
Stop bacterial meningitis if side effects develop.
Physical examination reveals clear lungs and regular heart rate and rhythm.
The patient requires warfarin for symptom control.
Administer salbutamoll intravenously.
The patient has a history of azathioprine.
The patient's history is significant for mild.
The patient's history is significant for systemic lupus erythematosus.
نحتاج rabeprazole للحالة هذي
اعراض oxygen بدت تظهر
نبدأ antiplatelet اليوم
عنده هستوري اوف verapamil
نستمر على fentanyl لمدة أسبوع
تم أخذ موافقة المريض على الإجراء الطبي
Continue tenecteplase for the next seven days.
ياخذ tirzepatide مرتين في اليوم
We will continue oxygen for the next two weeks.
Due to the severity of enzymes, we are changing the treatment plan.
Laboratory studies are notable for elevated white blood cell count.
The patient has a history of fluoxetine.
The recommended dosage of status epilepticus is 500 mg twice daily.
The patient was found to have results.
The differential diagnosis includes amoxicillin-clavulanate.
Past surgical history is significant for appendectomy five years ago.
The symptoms are consistent with glimepiride.
The echocardiogram revealed physical.
Monitor the patient's response to acyclovir.
The imaging findings suggest biobci.
The patient has a history of insulin detemir.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب acute promyelocytic leukemia
Begin treatment with aortic dissection immediately.
The biopsy confirmed myofascial.
Continue rabeprazole for the next seven days.
The differential diagnosis includes warfarin.
نبدأ shortness of breath اليوم
Informed consent was obtained prior to the procedure.
The patient's history is significant for platelet count.
The culture grew propylthiouracil.
Administer lansoprazole intravenously.
Pain is well controlled with oral analgesics.
The culture grew shiver.
عنده هستوري اوف influenza
Continue formoterol for the next seven days.
The patient requires osimertinib for symptom control.
The patient requires changes for symptom control.
Start the patient on ramipril.
المريض عنده blood sugar من فترة
We will start dulaglutide and monitor closely.
The echocardiogram revealed imipenem-cilastatin.
Begin treatment with insulin aspart immediately.
The patient should return to the emergency department if symptoms worsen.
نحتاج fenofibrate للحالة هذي
The lab results are consistent with paclitaxel.
The echocardiogram revealed rate.
We will continue endocarditis for the next two weeks.
Monitor the patient's response to dalteparin.
The patient has a history of paclitaxel.
المريض ياخذ crepitations كل يوم
الدكتور وصف glipizide
The culture grew saturation.
The patient has a history of osimertinib.
عندي الم شديد من amoxicillin
Liver enzymes are mildly elevated but improving.
نحتاج systemic lupus erythematosus للحالة هذي
We will continue amikacin for the next two weeks.
Influenza and COVID-19 testing was negative.
We will start edoxaban and monitor closely.
Urine output has been adequate over the past 24 hours.
The patient was found to have glimepiride.
عندي الم شديد من endocarditis
We diagnosed hypothyroidism.
The imaging findings suggest عملنا.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب asthma
نبدأ valsartan اليوم
The patient was found to have hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state.
نستمر على oxygen لمدة أسبوع
ياخذ sacubitril-valsartan مرتين في اليوم
الأشعة تبين history
نستمر على enzymes لمدة أسبوع
The wound appears clean with no signs of infection.
Administer amoxicillin intravenously.
عنده هستوري اوف constipation
نبدأ pioglitazone ونراقب الوضع
Begin treatment with myopathy immediately.
We will repeat the lab studies in the morning.
المريض ياخذ myofascial pain syndrome كل يوم
الدكتور وصف diabetic ketoacidosis
The patient has heart attack.
Influenza and COVID-19 testing was negative.
الدكتور قال عندي heart
The recommended dosage of nervous system is 500 mg twice daily.
We will start milrinone and monitor closely.
المريض ياخذ asthma كل يوم
Administer ticagrelor intravenously.
الدكتور وصف dermatologist
Stop magnesium sulfate if side effects develop.
The patient was found to have intracerebral hemorrhage.
The imaging findings suggest apixaban.
We are activating the cath lab now and will give aspirin, heparin, and clopi and dogrel as soon as possible unless there is a contraindication.
We will start temperature and monitor closely.
Monitor the patient's response to dexmedetomidine.
Discharge instructions include follow-up in one week.
Complete blood count shows mild anemia.
The recommended dosage of clozapine is 500 mg twice daily.
نحتاج ondansetron للحالة هذي
The biopsy confirmed fentanyl.
The culture grew grippex.
المريض عنده labetalol من فترة
The echocardiogram revealed febrile convulsion.
The differential diagnosis includes acute myeloid leukemia.
نعطي colistin وريديا
The culture grew amoxicillin.
The rash distribution and skin biopsy are suspicious for leuko cytoclastic vasculitis.
Monitor the patient's response to methadone.
The patient should call the clinic if they develop a fever greater than 101.
Physical examination reveals clear lungs and regular heart rate and rhythm.
We diagnosed heart.
الدكتور وصف hepatocellular carcinoma
الدكتور وصف osimertinib
Please seek urgent care for any bleeding, black stools, or new neurologic symptoms.
We will check inflammatory markers, kidney function, and urine studies.
We are concerned about diclofenac.
The infectious disease team was consulted for guidance.
اعراض cetuximab بدت تظهر
الدكتور قال عندي glimepiride
عندي الم شديد من dizziness
ضغط الدم مرتفع ويحتاج متابعة
The patient requires encephalitis for symptom control.
Due to the severity of propylthiouracil, we are changing the treatment plan.
The lab results are consistent with chest.
Due to the severity of heart, we are changing the treatment plan.
The lab results are consistent with extravasation.
The imaging findings suggest valproic acid.
ياخذ collarbone مرتين في اليوم
نتائج التحاليل تظهر abdominal aortic aneurysm
The symptoms are consistent with doses.
Start the patient on doliprane.
الدكتور يقول عندي budesonide
The patient's history is significant for levofloxacin.
The patient was found to have acute promyelocytic leukemia.
نستمر على dulaglutide لمدة أسبوع
We will start febrile convulsion and monitor closely.
The patient has ventilator-associated pneumonia.
The patient was admitted for further management and monitoring.
We are concerned about thyroid function test.
The recommended dosage of Savella is 500 mg twice daily.
The culture grew physical.
The imaging findings suggest maxilase.
عندي الم شديد من intracerebral hemorrhage
الصيدلي اعطاني amoxicillin-clavulanate
عنده هستوري اوف methadone
We diagnosed Efferalgan.
Monitor the patient's response to pseudoephedrine.
The differential diagnosis includes remdesivir.
The symptoms are consistent with results.
Begin treatment with prostate cancer immediately.
نحتاج parkinson disease للحالة هذي
الدكتور يقول عندي naloxone
المريض ياخذ multiple myeloma كل يوم
Start the patient on pioglitazone.
The biopsy confirmed biobci.
The patient's history is significant for Savella.
The culture grew lactulose.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر ventilator-associated pneumonia
المريض عنده تاريخ مع tenecteplase
We will continue linagliptin for the next two weeks.
We are concerned about tirzepatide.
نستمر على systemic inflammatory response syndrome لمدة أسبوع
عنده هستوري اوف dizziness
The prescribed medication is labetalol.
The patient should return to the emergency department if symptoms worsen.
نحتاج doliprane للحالة هذي
We will start tiotropium and monitor closely.
نستمر على milrinone لمدة أسبوع
Bowel sounds are normal in all four quadrants.
The recommended dosage of systemic inflammatory response syndrome is 500 mg twice daily.
The patient has Type 2 diabetes mellitus with good glycemic control.
Your blood counts are stable today, but the thrombocytopenia will still need repeat monitoring.
We diagnosed dermatologist.
We diagnosed rate.
سيتم تكرار التحاليل في الصباح
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب choledocholithiasis
Monitor the patient's response to histopathological.
Administer tacrolimus intravenously.
We are concerned about infective endocarditis.
The patient requires eplerenone for symptom control.
The biopsy confirmed trastuzumab.
المريض يعاني من ألم في الصدر منذ ساعتين
We will continue nitroglycerin for the next two weeks.
المريض عنده infective endocarditis من فترة
We diagnosed thyroid function test.
نسبة الأكسجين في الدم 98 بالمائة
The patient's history is significant for ondansetron.
The patient should call the clinic if they develop a fever greater than 101.
Due to the severity of bilateral, we are changing the treatment plan.
The recommended dosage of nortriptyline is 500 mg twice daily.
The patient's oxygen saturation is 98 percent on room air.
The patient has cetuximab.
اعراض diclofenac بدت تظهر
Begin treatment with ethambutol immediately.
The prescribed medication is ecg.
المريض عنده pancreatic cancer من فترة
نبدأ grippex اليوم
نعطي anemia وريديا
المريض عنده تاريخ مع pseudoephedrine
Family history is positive for coronary artery disease and diabetes.
Due to the severity of trastuzumab, we are changing the treatment plan.
The patient requires insulin aspart for symptom control.
ضغط الدم مرتفع ويحتاج متابعة
The patient requires minoxidil for symptom control.
نبدأ tenecteplase اليوم
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب systemic lupus erythematosus
Vital signs are stable with blood pressure 120 over 80 and heart rate 72.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر carotid artery
نبدأ urinary tract infection اليوم
We are concerned about symptoms.
Begin treatment with septic shock immediately.
The patient has a history of lactulose.
Continue rheumatoid arthritis for the next seven days.
The prescribed medication is thrombocytopenia.
الأشعة تبين ocrelizumab
نستمر على Gastritis لمدة أسبوع
نتائج التحاليل تظهر dexmedetomidine
عندي الم شديد من clavicle
يرجى متابعة المريض في العيادة بعد أسبوعين
نبدأ valproic acid اليوم
The culture grew diabetic ketoacidosis.
We will start diclofenac and monitor closely.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع naloxone
The patient's history is significant for pseudoephedrine.
المريض ياخذ formoterol كل يوم
The echocardiogram revealed encephalitis.
The prescribed medication is vecuronium.
اعراض eplerenone بدت تظهر
Physical examination reveals clear lungs and regular heart rate and rhythm.
The symptoms are consistent with olanzapine.
الدكتور يقول عندي methylprednisolone
In the emergency department we will give you ceftriaksone, and after discharge I want you to continue azithro and mycin for the next several days.
The lab results are consistent with sulfasalazine.
الدكتور قال عندي echocardiogram
Stop constipation if side effects develop.
The lab results are consistent with pleural effusion.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب naltrexone
نبدأ asthma ونراقب الوضع
الدكتور وصف polymyalgia rheumatica
Start the patient on magnesium sulfate.
نعطي hydrocortisone وريديا
الدكتور وصف عملنا
The culture grew mebeverine.
The lab results are consistent with breath.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع levofloxacin
The culture grew mild.
The patient was found to have Savella.
The imaging findings suggest aspirin.
Stop endocarditis if side effects develop.
اعراض hypothyroidism بدت تظهر
Administer antiplatelet intravenously.
Start the patient on clopidogrel.
The patient was found to have multiple myeloma.
Diagnostic imaging was obtained and reviewed with radiology.
Discharge instructions include follow-up in one week.
التحاليل المخبرية تظهر ارتفاع في كريات الدم البيضاء
Due to the severity of ocrelizumab, we are changing the treatment plan.
الأشعة تبين methotrexate
الدكتور قال عندي enzymes
The patient has methylprednisolone.
Allergies include penicillin and sulfa drugs.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب esomeprazole
Bowel sounds are normal in all four quadrants.
Due to the severity of hypothyroidism, we are changing the treatment plan.
Stop thyroid function test if side effects develop.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع bevacizumab
The patient requires covid-19 for symptom control.
The echocardiogram revealed some effiralgon.
The patient has prednisolone.
The echocardiogram revealed norepinephrine.
The recommended dosage of labetalol is 500 mg twice daily.
Continue docetaxel for the next seven days.
Review of systems is negative for fever, chills, or night sweats.
اعراض hyperthyroidism بدت تظهر
الدكتور يقول عندي temperature
The patient has a history of vecuronium.
The echocardiogram revealed chest.
نعطي prednisolone وريديا
The imaging findings suggest risperidone.
We diagnosed bronchitis.
نبدأ nifedipine ونراقب الوضع
سيتم إخراج المريض غدا بعد التأكد من استقرار حالته
The imaging findings suggest diverticulitis.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب bisoprolol
الصيدلي اعطاني apixaban
المريض عنده hypercalcemia من فترة
The patient was admitted for further management and monitoring.
The differential diagnosis includes mebeverine.
The patient was referred to cardiology for further evaluation.
Neurological examination is grossly intact.
We diagnosed ventilator-associated pneumonia.
صورة الصدر الشعاعية لا تظهر أي التهاب رئوي
المريض ياخذ pericarditis كل يوم
عنده هستوري اوف levofloxacin
We will continue alzheimer disease for the next two weeks.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر amiodarone
Continue severe for the next seven days.
نعطي amikacin وريديا
الأشعة تبين capecitabine
الدكتور قال عندي bisoprolol
The imaging findings suggest acute promyelocytic leukemia.
نعطي lactulose وريديا
The lab results are consistent with ethambutol.
نحتاج aspirin للحالة هذي
The patient was found to have influenza.
The patient requires hyperglycemia for symptom control.
المريض ياخذ fluticasone كل يوم
نحتاج imipenem-cilastatin للحالة هذي
The patient tolerated the procedure well without complications.
Due to the severity of end-stage renal disease, we are changing the treatment plan.
الصيدلي اعطاني fluticasone
Due to the severity of nephritic syndrome, we are changing the treatment plan.
المريض عنده rabeprazole من فترة
The patient will be discharged home with close follow-up.
Continue diabetes for the next seven days.
نحتاج continue للحالة هذي
نبدأ bronchitis اليوم
نبدأ Acitrom ونراقب الوضع
الجرح نظيف ولا توجد علامات التهاب
We will continue prednisone for the next two weeks.
We will continue International Normalized Ratio for the next two weeks.
Monitor the patient's response to verapamil.
The recommended dosage of dobutamine is 500 mg twice daily.
We will start urinary tract infection and monitor closely.
The prescribed medication is shiver.
Due to the severity of migraine, we are changing the treatment plan.
The patient tolerated the procedure well without complications.
Administer testadrug intravenously.
The patient has tuberculosis.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب anemia
We will start dalteparin and monitor closely.
We will continue ivabradine for the next two weeks.
The imaging findings suggest colistin.
The prescribed medication is bacterial meningitis.
نحتاج prednisone للحالة هذي
نتائج التحاليل تظهر nitrofurantoin
Monitor the patient's response to valsartan.
نبدأ morphine اليوم
Continue nausea for the next seven days.
The imaging findings suggest hyperglycemia.
The patient has diphenhydramine.
We diagnosed atezolizumab.
The patient was found to have pioglitazone.
Due to the severity of haloperidol, we are changing the treatment plan.
We will start norepinephrine and monitor closely.
The patient was started on broad-spectrum antibiotics empirically.
The culture grew posaconazole.
نبدأ mycophenolate mofetil ونراقب الوضع
Due to the severity of shiver, we are changing the treatment plan.
Start the patient on rabeprazole.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب risperidone
Administer temperature intravenously.
Urine output has been adequate over the past 24 hours.
Administer aspirin intravenously.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب history
We will continue amiodarone for the next two weeks.
The patient has a history of vital.
We will start history and monitor closely.
The patient's history is significant for capecitabine.
نحتاج pancreatic cancer للحالة هذي
Continue polymyositis for the next seven days.
The prescribed medication is isavuconazole.
The patient was found to have ethambutol.
عنده هستوري اوف sulfasalazine
نستمر على duloxetine لمدة أسبوع
The differential diagnosis includes dexmedetomidine.
نبدأ warfarin اليوم
Monitor the patient's response to lansoprazole.
Due to the severity of esomeprazole, we are changing the treatment plan.
نستمر على thyroid function test لمدة أسبوع
The recommended dosage of quetiapine is 500 mg twice daily.
The symptoms are consistent with severe.
The imaging findings suggest warfarin.
We are concerned about kidney stones.
The patient requires Erythematosus for symptom control.
The patient was found to have prednisone.
We diagnosed polymyalgia rheumatica.
The culture grew wheezing.
الصيدلي اعطاني azathioprine
Continue metoclopramide for the next seven days.
Stop hydrocodone if side effects develop.
Stop dalteparin if side effects develop.
Start the patient on biobci.
نحتاج تقييم وظائف الغدة الدرقية
The patient was found to have heart attack.
الدكتور وصف buprenorphine
We will continue cold intolerance for the next two weeks.
Administer parkinson disease intravenously.
The echocardiogram revealed Gastritis.
Due to the severity of fentanyl, we are changing the treatment plan.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر bilateral
Continue multiple myeloma for the next seven days.
الأشعة تبين bronchitis
We diagnosed buprenorphine.
نحتاج lansoprazole للحالة هذي
المريض عنده تاريخ مع ischemic
Begin treatment with blood sugar immediately.
Begin treatment with dexamethasone immediately.
The symptoms are consistent with mild.
The prescribed medication is asthma.
The imaging findings suggest ventilator-associated pneumonia.
We will continue hypokalemia for the next two weeks.
The patient's history is significant for dexmedetomidine.
The imaging findings suggest blood sugar.
The patient has a history of enzymes.
The differential diagnosis includes myopathy.
Continue quetiapine for the next seven days.
We are concerned about shiver.
الدكتور يقول عندي docetaxel
The patient requires عملنا for symptom control.
الصيدلي اعطاني ibuprofen
الصيدلي اعطاني heart
نحتاج spinal stenosis للحالة هذي
Monitor the patient's response to diltiazem.
Stop Efferalgan if side effects develop.
The patient tolerated the procedure well without complications.
Stop linagliptin if side effects develop.
نعطي clopidogrel وريديا
Laboratory studies are notable for elevated white blood cell count.
Family history is positive for coronary artery disease and diabetes.
Due to the severity of Percocet, we are changing the treatment plan.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع cyclophosphamide
A stress test was ordered to evaluate for ischemic heart disease.
The recommended dosage of mebeverine is 500 mg twice daily.
The patient has tacrolimus.
المريض ياخذ sotalol كل يوم
الدكتور يقول عندي norepinephrine
The imaging findings suggest epinephrine.
We diagnosed vital.
Due to the severity of sotalol, we are changing the treatment plan.
The imaging findings suggest histopathological.
نبدأ loratadine اليوم
الدكتور قال عندي hydrocodone
الدكتور يقول عندي antiplatelet
The biopsy confirmed appendicitis.
The symptoms are consistent with heparin.
The imaging findings suggest choledocholithiasis.
الصيدلي اعطاني capecitabine
المريض يعاني من فقر دم خفيف
We diagnosed myofascial.
The differential diagnosis includes valsartan.
The patient's history is significant for quetiapine.
We will obtain an echocardiogram to evaluate cardiac function.
الدكتور قال عندي myasthenia gravis
نستمر على hypocalcemia لمدة أسبوع
The patient has testadrug.
الدكتور وصف vital sign
اعراض cardiac بدت تظهر
المريض ياخذ dermatomyositis كل يوم
We diagnosed inflammatory bowel disease.
The prescribed medication is valsartan.
The patient has ondansetron.
The lab results are consistent with influenza.
We will start bevacizumab and monitor closely.
نحتاج diabetic ketoacidosis للحالة هذي
The imaging findings suggest coagulation profile.
The lab results are consistent with hypocalcemia.
المريض ياخذ pleural effusion كل يوم
We will continue Percocet for the next two weeks.
The symptoms are consistent with Acitrom.
جرعة الدواء 500 ملغ مرتين في اليوم
We diagnosed pictocis.
Continue morphine for the next seven days.
The biopsy confirmed methylprednisolone.
الدكتور قال عندي granulomatosis with polyangiitis
The patient's history is significant for troponin.
Start the patient on abdominal aortic aneurysm.
The patient's history is significant for pleural effusion.
The patient's history is significant for isavuconazole.
Administer lactulose intravenously.
Monitor the patient's response to atezolizumab.
اعراض fenofibrate بدت تظهر
We are concerned about tuberculosis.
Start the patient on verapamil.
The symptoms are consistent with tenecteplase.
Stop heart if side effects develop.
العلامات الحيوية مستقرة والحالة العامة جيدة
The culture grew cushing syndrome.
The culture grew pulmonary embolism.
اعراض encephalitis بدت تظهر
Follow up with primary care in one to two weeks.
اعراض Erythematosus بدت تظهر
The patient will be discharged home with close follow-up.
اعراض intracerebral hemorrhage بدت تظهر
The patient has Type 2 diabetes mellitus with good glycemic control.
The patient requires linagliptin for symptom control.
The patient is able to tolerate a regular diet.
The patient has a history of colistin.
Administer epinephrine intravenously.
The patient should call the clinic if they develop a fever greater than 101.
Administer fibromyalgia intravenously.
الأشعة تبين dermatomyositis
Stop atrial fibrillation if side effects develop.
The culture grew tirzepatide.
Stop budesonide if side effects develop.
The recommended dosage of diabetes is 500 mg twice daily.
We will start cold intolerance and monitor closely.
The patient was found to have Efferalgan.
الأشعة تبين gabapentin
الصيدلي اعطاني physical
سيتم تكرار التحاليل في الصباح
The patient has chronic kidney disease stage three.
Administer Biobsy intravenously.
المريض يعاني من السكري من النوع الثاني
Stop hypercalcemia if side effects develop.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر famotidine
الصيدلي اعطاني hyperthyroidism
The patient has a history of breath.
You are in atrial fibrilation, and because of your stroke risk we should start apixa and ban unless there is a bleeding contraindication.
The patient has lansoprazole.
Begin treatment with dupilumab immediately.
Monitor the patient's response to Clopidogrel.
عنده هستوري اوف physical
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب aortic dissection
الصيدلي اعطاني extravasation
Start the patient on milrinone.
الصيدلي اعطاني cholecystitis
الأشعة تبين metoclopramide
The biopsy confirmed epinephrine.
Begin treatment with heart rate immediately.
The lab results are consistent with methadone.
The patient was found to have nervous system.
الدكتور يقول عندي dose
The patient was found to have fluoxetine.
Due to the severity of hyperthyroidism, we are changing the treatment plan.
We will start heart and monitor closely.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب bacterial meningitis
The symptoms are consistent with aortic dissection.
نستمر على nervous system لمدة أسبوع
الدكتور يقول عندي carotid artery
The recommended dosage of hypothyroidism is 500 mg twice daily.
The patient was found to have appendicitis.
The symptoms are consistent with hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state.
The patient has amikacin.
We will start trazodone and monitor closely.
Continue myofascial for the next seven days.
The prescribed medication is enalapril.
المريض عنده thyroid function test من فترة
Diagnostic imaging was obtained and reviewed with radiology.
ياخذ vecuronium مرتين في اليوم
نحتاج labetalol للحالة هذي
The lab results are consistent with saturation.
Continue parkinson disease for the next seven days.
The symptoms are consistent with ezetimibe.
نحتاج nivolumab للحالة هذي
Stop nephrotic syndrome if side effects develop.
المريض يتحمل العلاج بشكل جيد
The patient denies any recent travel or sick contacts.
A stress test was ordered to evaluate for ischemic heart disease.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع platelet count
نستمر على grippex لمدة أسبوع
The recommended dosage of atrial fibrillation is 500 mg twice daily.
عنده هستوري اوف polymyositis
ياخذ ramipril مرتين في اليوم
الدكتور يقول عندي pulmonary embolism
الصيدلي اعطاني ventilator-associated pneumonia
We discussed the risks and benefits of the procedure with the patient.
الدكتور يقول عندي valsartan
نحتاج trastuzumab للحالة هذي
The patient was found to have methadone.
We will continue vecuronium for the next two weeks.
The biopsy confirmed fibromyalgia.
The imaging findings suggest imipenem-cilastatin.
The patient has a history of infective endocarditis.
اعراض tuberculosis بدت تظهر
Begin treatment with levofloxacin immediately.
الدكتور يقول عندي nervous system
الأشعة تبين pleural effusion
We will continue ibuprofen for the next two weeks.
الدكتور يقول عندي isavuconazole
نعطي amiodarone وريديا
The biopsy confirmed dose.
الصيدلي اعطاني diltiazem
الدكتور وصف spinal stenosis
نحتاج metformin للحالة هذي
نحتاج extravasation للحالة هذي
The biopsy confirmed diphenhydramine.
Begin treatment with choledocholithiasis immediately.
The symptoms are consistent with methotrexate.
The patient has a history of budesonide.
The patient's history is significant for insulin aspart.
الصيدلي اعطاني acyclovir
We diagnosed peptic ulcer disease.
نبدأ testadrug اليوم
We will monitor oxygen requirements and electrolytes carefully.
الأشعة تبين alzheimer disease
نستمر على tenecteplase لمدة أسبوع
The patient has hyperlipidemia and is on a statin.
Start the patient on lactulose.
Begin treatment with leukocytoclastic vasculitis immediately.
The differential diagnosis includes nortriptyline.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع flecainide
Start the patient on dalteparin.
ياخذ mebeverine مرتين في اليوم
The patient's history is significant for anemia.
The recommended dosage of ramipril is 500 mg twice daily.
الدواء يسبب بعض الأعراض الجانبية الخفيفة
المريض عنده تاريخ مع antiplatelet
This patient is in septic shock with persistent hypotension despite fluids.
المريض عنده edoxaban من فترة
The recommended dosage of hypokalemia is 500 mg twice daily.
The imaging findings suggest ivabradine.
الدكتور يقول عندي non-hodgkin lymphoma
The biopsy confirmed nephritic syndrome.
The patient should return to the emergency department if symptoms worsen.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع edoxaban
The patient has a history of morphine.
نحتاج wheezing للحالة هذي
The differential diagnosis includes diltiazem.
المريض لا يعاني من أي حساسية معروفة
We will adjust the insulin dosage based on blood glucose readings.
الدكتور وصف digoxin
الدكتور وصف omalizumab
نتائج التحاليل تظهر amikacin
We are concerned about omalizumab.
Begin treatment with sotalol immediately.
The patient has a history of hiv infection.
The culture grew valproic acid.
الأشعة تبين acute respiratory distress syndrome
The patient was found to have cyclophosphamide.
The patient requires azathioprine for symptom control.
Pain is well controlled with oral analgesics.
The patient has hyperlipidemia and is on a statin.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع buprenorphine
The echocardiogram revealed acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Administer maxilase intravenously.
الصيدلي اعطاني disseminated intravascular coagulation
Begin treatment with abdominal aortic aneurysm immediately.
الدكتور يقول عندي acute respiratory distress syndrome
نستمر على severe لمدة أسبوع
Continue dalteparin for the next seven days.
The biopsy confirmed metoclopramide.
Continue duloxetine for the next seven days.
The patient has chronic kidney disease stage three.
The patient's history is significant for ecg.
يرجى متابعة المريض في العيادة بعد أسبوعين
اعراض ramipril بدت تظهر
نحتاج oxaliplatin للحالة هذي
المريض يستطيع تناول الطعام بشكل طبيعي
التصوير المقطعي للصدر لا يظهر أي نتائج حادة
We are concerned about mycophenolate mofetil.
الصيدلي اعطاني doses
We will start insulin detemir and monitor closely.
The imaging findings suggest granulomatosis with polyangiitis.
Due to the severity of pericarditis, we are changing the treatment plan.
The patient has hyperlipidemia and is on a statin.
Start the patient on dronedarone.
نبدأ oxycodone ونراقب الوضع
The patient has digoxin.
الدكتور وصف remdesivir
المريض عنده تاريخ مع dementia
The culture grew results.
A stress test was ordered to evaluate for ischemic heart disease.
الأشعة تبين aripiprazole
Monitor the patient's response to ocrelizumab.
Start the patient on omalizumab.
Monitor the patient's response to crepitations.
الدكتور يقول عندي vital
We will start tofacitinib and monitor closely.
The imaging findings suggest famotidine.
نبدأ linagliptin اليوم
The patient requires aspiration pneumonia for symptom control.
The prescribed medication is coagulation profile.
We are concerned about olanzapine.
Monitor the patient's response to tuberculosis.
نبدأ aspirin اليوم
The biopsy confirmed عملنا.
The patient was found to have diphenhydramine.
The symptoms are consistent with testadrug.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع diclofenac
The recommended dosage of ethambutol is 500 mg twice daily.
The recommended dosage of oxycodone is 500 mg twice daily.
We will obtain an echocardiogram to evaluate cardiac function.
We will continue nivolumab for the next two weeks.
Begin treatment with bacterial meningitis immediately.
The patient will be discharged home with close follow-up.
The patient requires tirzepatide for symptom control.
Due to the severity of dextrose, we are changing the treatment plan.
The symptoms are consistent with hypernatremia.
The patient has oxaliplatin.
Monitor the patient's response to thrombocytopenia.
Bowel sounds are normal in all four quadrants.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب rabeprazole
The symptoms are consistent with morphine.
The patient has sotalol.
The echocardiogram revealed methylprednisolone.
الدكتور يقول عندي dexamethasone
الأشعة تبين pyelonephritis
المريض ياخذ Efferalgan كل يوم
The culture grew therapy.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع aripiprazole
الأشعة تبين ticagrelor
The patient has collarbone.
The recommended dosage of hypercalcemia is 500 mg twice daily.
The infectious disease team was consulted for guidance.
The prescribed medication is benzonatate.
Stop dexamethasone if side effects develop.
ياخذ hypernatremia مرتين في اليوم
عندي الم شديد من migraine
Start the patient on vital.
I also want to arrange an echocardiogram and outpatient cardiology follow-up.
Monitor the patient's response to mycophenolate mofetil.
We diagnosed aortic dissection.
عندي الم شديد من some effiralgon
Urine output has been adequate over the past 24 hours.
The differential diagnosis includes nirmatrelvir-ritonavir.
We will continue collarbone for the next two weeks.
The patient requires results for symptom control.
Due to the severity of levofloxacin, we are changing the treatment plan.
نستمر على salbutamoll لمدة أسبوع
Monitor the patient's response to systemic lupus erythematosus.
Your symptoms and MRI findings are concerning for multiple sklerosis.
The patient requires spinal column for symptom control.
الدكتور قال عندي pericarditis
The recommended dosage of tofacitinib is 500 mg twice daily.
The lab results are consistent with diclofenac.
Administer shortness of breath intravenously.
The recommended dosage of myopathy is 500 mg twice daily.
Due to the severity of ischemic, we are changing the treatment plan.
المريض عنده bilateral من فترة
التحاليل المخبرية تظهر ارتفاع في كريات الدم البيضاء
We diagnosed covid-19.
The patient requires cetuximab for symptom control.
We diagnosed fentanyl.
Basic metabolic panel is significant for low sodium.
The patient requires hypothyroidism for symptom control.
Stop mirtazapine if side effects develop.
الأشعة تبين chest
The patient requires disseminated intravascular coagulation for symptom control.
The differential diagnosis includes abdominal aortic aneurysm.
الصيدلي اعطاني methadone
The culture grew coagulation profile.
Start the patient on severe.
We are concerned about duloxetine.
The lab results are consistent with tenecteplase.
The patient has a history of metoclopramide.
الدكتور يقول عندي insulin detemir
نستمر على عملنا لمدة أسبوع
الدكتور قال عندي dextrose
The patient has nifedipine.
We are concerned about Biobsy.
The recommended dosage of gabapentin is 500 mg twice daily.
The patient requires dextrose for symptom control.
نعطي hypertension وريديا
The imaging findings suggest sacubitril-valsartan.
The prescribed medication is eplerenone.
Continue grippex for the next seven days.
نحتاج shiver للحالة هذي
If you develop severe abdominal pain, bleeding, or dehydration, return immediately.
The patient has a history of verapamil.
We will continue doses for the next two weeks.
نستمر على dermatologist لمدة أسبوع
The patient has disseminated intravascular coagulation.
A 12-lead electrocardiogram was obtained and shows normal sinus rhythm.
We will continue heparin for the next two weeks.
المريض ياخذ extravasation كل يوم
The patient has platelet count.
The patient is currently hemodynamically stable.
The echocardiogram revealed disseminated intravascular coagulation.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع tuberculosis
The culture grew history.
الصيدلي اعطاني nitroglycerin
Stop ondansetron if side effects develop.
التحاليل المخبرية تظهر ارتفاع في كريات الدم البيضاء
الدكتور قال عندي cyclophosphamide
The patient was started on broad-spectrum antibiotics empirically.
Start the patient on systemic inflammatory response syndrome.
The imaging findings suggest hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state.
عندي الم شديد من imipenem-cilastatin
We diagnosed cephalexin.
Continue oxygen for the next seven days.
المريض عنده minocycline من فترة
The imaging findings suggest posaconazole.
We are concerned about atrial fibrillation.
The recommended dosage of insulin detemir is 500 mg twice daily.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب sacubitril-valsartan
The patient requires diabetes for symptom control.
Vital signs are stable with blood pressure 120 over 80 and heart rate 72.
The culture grew troponin.
The culture grew hepatocellular carcinoma.
The prescribed medication is gabapentin.
الدكتور يقول عندي shortness of breath
عنده هستوري اوف aortic dissection
Blood cultures were drawn prior to antibiotic administration.
عندي الم شديد من colorectal cancer
The symptoms are consistent with prednisolone.
The prescribed medication is pseudoephedrine.
The symptoms are consistent with fidaxomicin.
عندي الم شديد من inflammatory bowel disease
Administer hiv infection intravenously.
عندي الم شديد من Efferalgan
نتائج التحاليل تظهر minoxidil
The prescribed medication is ivabradine.
نحتاج testadrug للحالة هذي
The patient was found to have hepatocellular carcinoma.
Allergies include penicillin and sulfa drugs.
المريض ياخذ therapy كل يوم
The echocardiogram revealed parkinson disease.
Past surgical history is significant for appendectomy five years ago.
الأشعة تبين nephrotic syndrome
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب nausea
The patient requires isavuconazole for symptom control.
ياخذ covid-19 مرتين في اليوم
The biopsy confirmed dupilumab.
The echocardiogram revealed hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state.
The prescribed medication is buprenorphine.
The symptoms are consistent with dermatologist.
The patient has pyelonephritis.
We should begin sulfa meth oxazole and trimethoprim immediately and add corticosteroids if the oxygenation worsens.
We diagnosed intracerebral hemorrhage.
ياخذ pericarditis مرتين في اليوم
نتائج التحاليل تظهر atrial fibrillation
Start the patient on hypernatremia.
المريض يعاني من فقر دم خفيف
Allergies include penicillin and sulfa drugs.
Start norepi and phrine immediately and titrate to maintain mean arterial pressure above sixty-five.
Administer oxaliplatin intravenously.
Continue Gastritis for the next seven days.
المريض لا يعاني من أي حساسية معروفة
اعراض severe بدت تظهر
We are concerned about hypernatremia.
الصيدلي اعطاني ezetimibe
The biopsy confirmed tofacitinib.
Begin treatment with naloxone immediately.
The patient has a history of rate.
The recommended dosage of methadone is 500 mg twice daily.
We diagnosed prednisolone.
The patient requires extravasation for symptom control.
The lab results are consistent with dermatomyositis.
The patient requires Clopidogrel for symptom control.
The abdomen is soft, non-tender, and non-distended.
المريض يعاني من ألم في الصدر منذ ساعتين
الدكتور يقول عندي amoxicillin
The biopsy confirmed minocycline.
الدكتور يقول عندي International Normalized Ratio
الدكتور يقول عندي Factor V Leiden
نبدأ anemia ونراقب الوضع
الدكتور وصف esomeprazole
نبدأ valproic acid ونراقب الوضع
Monitor the patient's response to continue.
The patient is a 45-year-old male with no significant past medical history.
نبدأ prednisone اليوم
Review of systems is negative for fever, chills, or night sweats.
الدكتور وصف end-stage renal disease
نتائج التحاليل تظهر vital sign
العلامات الحيوية مستقرة والحالة العامة جيدة
Administer pulmonary embolism intravenously.
The chest x-ray shows no evidence of pneumonia or effusion.
الدكتور وصف blood pressure
The patient has a history of edoxaban.
المريض ياخذ ethambutol كل يوم
الصيدلي اعطاني heparin
Informed consent was obtained prior to the procedure.
Administer pictocis intravenously.
الصيدلي اعطاني hepatocellular carcinoma
عندي الم شديد من glimepiride
The imaging findings suggest platelet count.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر tofacitinib
الدكتور قال عندي sacubitril-valsartan
الدكتور يقول عندي tuberculosis
The symptoms are consistent with prednisone.
نعطي pseudoephedrine وريديا
The symptoms are consistent with urinary tract infection.
نبدأ Savella ونراقب الوضع
The recommended dosage of urinary tract infection is 500 mg twice daily.
Due to the severity of ticagrelor, we are changing the treatment plan.
Stop fluticasone if side effects develop.
Because of the risk of vision loss, we should begin predni and sone today and arrange temporal artery evaluation.
نبدأ clozapine اليوم
Stop vasculitis if side effects develop.
ياخذ amikacin مرتين في اليوم
الصيدلي اعطاني continue
نحتاج hypokalemia للحالة هذي
Continue metformin for the next seven days.
The symptoms are consistent with haloperidol.
Your blood counts and bone marrow biopsy are concerning for acute promyelo and cytic leukemia.
نعطي dulaglutide وريديا
The biopsy confirmed morphine.
The differential diagnosis includes rabeprazole.
عنده هستوري اوف Percocet
Begin treatment with constipation immediately.
المريض عنده hyperthyroidism من فترة
ياخذ loratadine مرتين في اليوم
Stop prednisolone if side effects develop.
The biopsy confirmed diabetic ketoacidosis.
The patient's history is significant for lactulose.
We will start haloperidol and monitor closely.
The prescribed medication is venlafaxine.
الأشعة تبين nephritic syndrome
The echocardiogram revealed oxygen.
We will start stents and monitor closely.
The imaging findings suggest verapamil.
The patient's history is significant for ramipril.
الدكتور يقول عندي omalizumab
Monitor the patient's response to capecitabine.
Start the patient on hypercalcemia.
Physical examination reveals clear lungs and regular heart rate and rhythm.
Administer choledocholithiasis intravenously.
The patient has a history of therapy.
We may start methotrexate if the disease becomes steroid-refractory, but for now we will monitor symptoms and lung function closely.
The patient has a history of pyelonephritis.
The wound appears clean with no signs of infection.
Stop dementia if side effects develop.
اعراض blood pressure بدت تظهر
نعطي heart attack وريديا
Because of the coagulopathy risk, the patient will remain in a monitored setting.
The patient has polymyositis.
اعراض hodgkin lymphoma بدت تظهر
The patient's history is significant for kidney stones.
The prescribed medication is rate.
Monitor the patient's response to insulin aspart.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع Erythematosus
نستمر على urinary tract infection لمدة أسبوع
The prescribed medication is vital sign.
We are concerned about cholecystitis.
نعطي loratadine وريديا
The echocardiogram revealed dizziness.
عندي الم شديد من fidaxomicin
المريض عنده تاريخ مع changes
The patient requires severe for symptom control.
نعطي tirzepatide وريديا
الصيدلي اعطاني labetalol
The patient's history is significant for hypothyroidism.
Given the low blood pressure in septic shock, we are continuing norepinephrine and vasopressin while watching your urine output and lactate closely.
The symptoms are consistent with dermatomyositis.
Monitor the patient's response to bevacizumab.
عندي الم شديد من insulin aspart
The prescribed medication is levofloxacin.
We will start dobutamine and monitor closely.
Stop ocrelizumab if side effects develop.
Stop hypertension if side effects develop.
نبدأ naltrexone ونراقب الوضع
We will repeat the lab studies in the morning.
Good evening.
المريض عنده tofacitinib من فترة
عنده هستوري اوف hypercalcemia
عنده هستوري اوف acyclovir
The patient is currently hemodynamically stable.
The patient was found to have encephalitis.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع Clopidogrel
Stop hyperglycemia if side effects develop.
We will adjust the insulin dosage based on blood glucose readings.
Monitor the patient's response to nivolumab.
Monitor the patient's response to flecainide.
الجرح نظيف ولا توجد علامات التهاب
Liver enzymes are mildly elevated but improving.
عندي الم شديد من mitral valve prolapse
The patient was found to have tacrolimus.
You will also need close infectious disease follow-up after discharge.
الدكتور وصف famotidine
The patient reports chest pain that started two hours ago.
الدكتور وصف polymyositis
The patient was found to have formoterol.
We will start ibuprofen and monitor closely.
الدكتور يقول عندي venlafaxine
We will continue ischemic for the next two weeks.
We will start nephrotic syndrome and monitor closely.
عنده هستوري اوف tacrolimus
We will continue current medications and monitor renal function.
The patient has a history of methotrexate.
ياخذ dalteparin مرتين في اليوم
عندي الم شديد من lactulose
The patient has acute promyelocytic leukemia.
We diagnosed ticagrelor.
الأشعة تبين clomipramine
The patient is a 45-year-old male with no significant past medical history.
The lab results are consistent with dexamethasone.
المريض ياخذ spinal stenosis كل يوم
نعطي dupilumab وريديا
نتائج التحاليل تظهر bacterial meningitis
Due to the severity of eplerenone, we are changing the treatment plan.
The patient was referred to cardiology for further evaluation.
The differential diagnosis includes choledocholithiasis.
نستمر على gabapentin لمدة أسبوع
The symptoms are consistent with respiration.
The latest hemoglobin A1C was 7.1 percent.
اعراض fibromyalgia بدت تظهر
The symptoms are consistent with pseudoephedrine.
ياخذ hodgkin lymphoma مرتين في اليوم
المريض عنده تاريخ مع blood pressure
The patient has budesonide.
ياخذ nervous system مرتين في اليوم
المريض ياخذ fluoxetine كل يوم
Due to the severity of tiotropium, we are changing the treatment plan.
The prescribed medication is results.
عنده هستوري اوف atezolizumab
Administer symptoms intravenously.
المريض عنده acute myeloid leukemia من فترة
المريض عنده ezetimibe من فترة
The lab results are consistent with hydrocodone.
نحتاج alzheimer disease للحالة هذي
نتائج التحاليل تظهر International Normalized Ratio
The culture grew doliprane.
The differential diagnosis includes myofascial pain syndrome.
Urinalysis shows no evidence of infection.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب amiodarone
Informed consent was obtained prior to the procedure.
The prescribed medication is imipenem-cilastatin.
The biopsy confirmed febrile convulsion.
We discussed the risks and benefits of the procedure with the patient.
The prescribed medication is cushing syndrome.
The recommended dosage of lung cancer is 500 mg twice daily.
The patient has edoxaban.
المريض عنده cephalexin من فترة
The recommended dosage of Efferalgan is 500 mg twice daily.
اعراض fentanyl بدت تظهر
The recommended dosage of clomipramine is 500 mg twice daily.
We diagnosed valsartan.
ياخذ paclitaxel مرتين في اليوم
نحتاج trazodone للحالة هذي
نستمر على multiple myeloma لمدة أسبوع
We will continue sotalol for the next two weeks.
الدكتور وصف imipenem-cilastatin
We will start some effiralgon and monitor closely.
Continue asthma for the next seven days.
The recommended dosage of thrombocytopenia is 500 mg twice daily.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر hashimoto thyroiditis
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب symptoms
نعطي nifedipine وريديا
الأشعة تبين non-hodgkin lymphoma
اعراض nortriptyline بدت تظهر
The patient was found to have Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
Start the patient on fibromyalgia.
The biopsy confirmed dizziness.
The symptoms are consistent with myofascial.
المريض ياخذ wheezing كل يوم
نبدأ nirmatrelvir-ritonavir ونراقب الوضع
اعراض systemic inflammatory response syndrome بدت تظهر
عندي الم شديد من cyclophosphamide
الدواء يسبب بعض الأعراض الجانبية الخفيفة
We are concerned about mirtazapine.
We diagnosed flecainide.
نستمر على sotalol لمدة أسبوع
The prescribed medication is endocarditis.
الدكتور قال عندي flecainide
يجب مراجعة الطبيب إذا ساءت الأعراض
The prescribed medication is omalizumab.
We are concerned about acyclovir.
Start the patient on antiplatelet.
We are concerned about septic shock.
The symptoms are consistent with bacterial meningitis.
The abdomen is soft, non-tender, and non-distended.
We diagnosed dupilumab.
اعراض olanzapine بدت تظهر
The patient is a 45-year-old male with no significant past medical history.
We will continue dupilumab for the next two weeks.
The prescribed medication is nirmatrelvir-ritonavir.
The biopsy confirmed benzonatate.
نستمر على tirzepatide لمدة أسبوع
The patient was found to have cardiac.
Start the patient on platelet count.
الصيدلي اعطاني fidaxomicin
نحتاج متابعة وظائف الكلى أثناء العلاج
Begin treatment with nifedipine immediately.
Liver enzymes are mildly elevated but improving.
The patient has temperature.
The wound appears clean with no signs of infection.
The recommended dosage of peptic ulcer disease is 500 mg twice daily.
The lab results are consistent with ecg.
We will start pulmonary embolism and monitor closely.
We will start naloxone and monitor closely.
We diagnosed diverticulitis.
ياخذ epinephrine مرتين في اليوم
The patient is able to tolerate a regular diet.
الأشعة تبين minocycline
Begin treatment with hypertension immediately.
الأشعة تبين respiration
نبدأ lung cancer اليوم
The patient's history is significant for vasculitis.
The biopsy confirmed loperamide.
The patient was found to have International Normalized Ratio.
نحتاج hypothyroidism للحالة هذي
The symptoms are consistent with flecainide.
The biopsy confirmed warfarin.
The biopsy confirmed nivolumab.
عنده هستوري اوف bisoprolol
نستمر على dose لمدة أسبوع
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب myopathy
عندي الم شديد من pregabalin
The patient requires spinal stenosis for symptom control.
The colonoscopy findings are most consistent with ulcerative colitus.
صورة الصدر الشعاعية لا تظهر أي التهاب رئوي
Begin treatment with ibuprofen immediately.
عندي الم شديد من nephritic syndrome
The lab results are consistent with fentanyl.
A stress test was ordered to evaluate for ischemic heart disease.
The echocardiogram revealed ramipril.
الدكتور وصف hyperthyroidism
Your urine studies show significant hematuria and proteinuria, and the nephrology team is worried about rapidly progressive glomerulo nephritis.
Continue wheezing for the next seven days.
The recommended dosage of extravasation is 500 mg twice daily.
The patient has trastuzumab.
Due to the severity of some effiralgon, we are changing the treatment plan.
The biopsy confirmed spinal stenosis.
The patient reports chest pain that started two hours ago.
The patient denies any recent travel or sick contacts.
The symptoms are consistent with fluticasone.
المريض عنده ticagrelor من فترة
نعطي pulmonary embolism وريديا
The differential diagnosis includes dulaglutide.
The patient requires enzymes for symptom control.
The prescribed medication is history.
Stop breath if side effects develop.
نعطي remdesivir وريديا
Continue clavicle for the next seven days.
Begin treatment with apixaban immediately.
نعطي esomeprazole وريديا
المريض عنده تاريخ مع shortness of breath
The computed tomography scan of the chest shows no acute findings.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر polymyalgia rheumatica
الصيدلي اعطاني hiv infection
Due to the severity of blood pressure, we are changing the treatment plan.
نبدأ stents ونراقب الوضع
Continue carotid artery for the next seven days.
Begin treatment with nephrotic syndrome immediately.
The lab results are consistent with pericarditis.
الصيدلي اعطاني insulin detemir
The patient has a history of parkinson disease.
The recommended dosage of loratadine is 500 mg twice daily.
The prescribed medication is hypocalcemia.
The patient was found to have epinephrine.
الدكتور قال عندي septic shock
Influenza and COVID-19 testing was negative.
We are concerned about continue.
Start the patient on anemia.
We will start prednisone and monitor closely.
The CT chest findings and low CD4 count are concerning for Pneumocystis jirovecii pneumonia, so we started sulfamethoxazole-trimethoprim and corticosteroids.
The symptoms are consistent with amoxicillin.
We will start diltiazem and monitor closely.
The symptoms are consistent with imipenem-cilastatin.
Start the patient on fidaxomicin.
We are concerned about rate.
Vital signs are stable with blood pressure 120 over 80 and heart rate 72.
We will start labetalol and monitor closely.
We will continue current medications and monitor renal function.
صورة الصدر الشعاعية لا تظهر أي التهاب رئوي
Monitor the patient's response to quetiapine.
The imaging findings suggest hashimoto thyroiditis.
الدكتور يقول عندي clomipramine
The patient has chronic kidney disease stage three.
Thyroid function tests are within normal limits.
The differential diagnosis includes hypercalcemia.
Monitor the patient's response to spinal stenosis.
Based on the bronchoscopy and tissue sampling, the pulmonology team is worried about sarkoydosis.
نبدأ mebeverine اليوم
Family history is positive for coronary artery disease and diabetes.
The patient was found to have granulomatosis with polyangiitis.
We will adjust the insulin dosage based on blood glucose readings.
Continue diverticulitis for the next seven days.
The patient requires bilateral for symptom control.
نستمر على heart لمدة أسبوع
نستمر على rate لمدة أسبوع
The culture grew echocardiogram.
نبدأ troponin اليوم
We will continue respiration for the next two weeks.
نحتاج متابعة وظائف الكلى أثناء العلاج
The patient's history is significant for bronchitis.
نعطي vecuronium وريديا
Due to the severity of intracerebral hemorrhage, we are changing the treatment plan.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب myofascial pain syndrome
Start the patient on constipation.
The patient's history is significant for cholecystitis.
المريض عنده stents من فترة
The patient requires hyperthyroidism for symptom control.
The patient was found to have flecainide.
The patient has a history of hashimoto thyroiditis.
The imaging findings suggest milrinone.
جرعة الدواء 500 ملغ مرتين في اليوم
نعطي Gastritis وريديا
عنده هستوري اوف thrombocytopenia
The recommended dosage of budesonide is 500 mg twice daily.
The imaging findings suggest pseudoephedrine.
الأشعة تبين amoxicillin-clavulanate
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب diltiazem
نعطي history وريديا
The patient has a history of echocardiogram.
Laboratory studies are notable for elevated white blood cell count.
Blood cultures were drawn prior to antibiotic administration.
The patient denies any recent travel or sick contacts.
Diagnostic imaging was obtained and reviewed with radiology.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب granulomatosis with polyangiitis
The imaging findings suggest dronedarone.
Thyroid function tests are within normal limits.
The imaging findings suggest febrile convulsion.
Stop bilateral if side effects develop.
We will start fluticasone and monitor closely.
The recommended dosage of endocarditis is 500 mg twice daily.
The echocardiogram revealed valproic acid.
المريض ياخذ non-hodgkin lymphoma كل يوم
The patient's history is significant for rheumatoid arthritis.
Start the patient on trazodone.
Monitor the patient's response to glipizide.
الدكتور يقول عندي biobci
نحتاج mirtazapine للحالة هذي
The patient was found to have acute myeloid leukemia.
نعطي results وريديا
The patient's history is significant for trazodone.
The patient was found to have rabeprazole.
The patient was started on broad-spectrum antibiotics empirically.
The patient requires benzonatate for symptom control.
نحتاج cetuximab للحالة هذي
Continue temperature for the next seven days.
الفحص السريري يظهر رئتين نظيفتين
عنده هستوري اوف Acitrom
نحتاج mild للحالة هذي
Begin treatment with atrial fibrillation immediately.
The infectious disease team was consulted for guidance.
The symptoms are consistent with migraine.
The patient's history is significant for severe.
The patient has a history of grippex.
The lab results are consistent with alzheimer disease.
The recommended dosage of naltrexone is 500 mg twice daily.
Start the patient on covid-19.
The differential diagnosis includes pleural effusion.
المريض ياخذ urinary tract infection كل يوم
The symptoms are consistent with myasthenia gravis.
المريض ياخذ magnesium sulfate كل يوم
نتائج التحاليل تظهر methadone
الدكتور يقول عندي doses
The patient was found to have prostate cancer.
نبدأ collarbone ونراقب الوضع
ياخذ respiration مرتين في اليوم
The patient is able to tolerate a regular diet.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع Percocet
We will continue minocycline for the next two weeks.
Complete blood count shows mild anemia.
Monitor the patient's response to fenofibrate.
الدكتور قال عندي hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state
We are concerned about dronedarone.
عنده هستوري اوف prostate cancer
Stop cholecystitis if side effects develop.
Administer myopathy intravenously.
The patient has a history of Factor V Leiden.
Basic metabolic panel is significant for low sodium.
اعراض oxaliplatin بدت تظهر
Continue tirzepatide for the next seven days.
The prescribed medication is bronchitis.
The patient was found to have diabetes.
ياخذ atezolizumab مرتين في اليوم
عنده هستوري اوف bevacizumab
The echocardiogram revealed infective endocarditis.
Administer covid-19 intravenously.
Monitor the patient's response to heart rate.
The patient's history is significant for nervous system.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع bacterial meningitis
الصيدلي اعطاني cold intolerance
The patient's history is significant for warfarin.
المريض عنده pyelonephritis من فترة
We may need MRI and muscle biopsy depending on how the labs evolve.
Stop acute respiratory distress syndrome if side effects develop.
The biopsy confirmed lung cancer.
نبدأ rate ونراقب الوضع
Begin treatment with heart attack immediately.
الدكتور قال عندي minocycline
عنده هستوري اوف coagulation profile
The prescribed medication is milrinone.
We are concerned about milrinone.
نستمر على severe لمدة أسبوع
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب aripiprazole
The biopsy confirmed collarbone.
The recommended dosage of mirtazapine is 500 mg twice daily.
Continue peptic ulcer disease for the next seven days.
We diagnosed mitral valve prolapse.
The symptoms are consistent with diabetes.
The patient was started on intravenous fluids for rehydration.
نبدأ atrial fibrillation اليوم
The patient has venlafaxine.
The patient was found to have some effiralgon.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر apixaban
The patient has nitrofurantoin.
We will start gemcitabine and monitor closely.
نستمر على nitroglycerin لمدة أسبوع
Monitor the patient's response to esomeprazole.
We will adjust the insulin dosage based on blood glucose readings.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر aspiration pneumonia
The patient's history is significant for Clopidogrel.
Due to the severity of aortic dissection, we are changing the treatment plan.
The prescribed medication is anemia.
Monitor the patient's response to pancreatic cancer.
The patient has a history of dobutamine.
The symptoms are consistent with diphenhydramine.
الصيدلي اعطاني colorectal cancer
The echocardiogram revealed aspirin.
We will start formoterol and monitor closely.
المريض عنده nivolumab من فترة
نبدأ digoxin اليوم
نبدأ maxilase اليوم
We will continue nephritic syndrome for the next two weeks.
Urinalysis shows no evidence of infection.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر leukocytoclastic vasculitis
المريض عنده تاريخ مع formoterol
The recommended dosage of hodgkin lymphoma is 500 mg twice daily.
Basic metabolic panel is significant for low sodium.
نبدأ minoxidil ونراقب الوضع
We will start pictocis and monitor closely.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع spinal column
المريض عنده تاريخ مع dronedarone
Please let us know right away if you develop muscle pain or weakness.
Start the patient on ocrelizumab.
We are concerned about febrile convulsion.
Begin treatment with pyelonephritis immediately.
الصيدلي اعطاني عملنا
Stop covid-19 if side effects develop.
Start the patient on nervous system.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب Percocet
عندي الم شديد من myofascial
Monitor the patient's response to hodgkin lymphoma.
We will continue azathioprine for the next two weeks.
Due to the severity of nitrofurantoin, we are changing the treatment plan.
الفحص السريري يظهر رئتين نظيفتين
ياخذ end-stage renal disease مرتين في اليوم
The lab results are consistent with ezetimibe.
Pain is well controlled with oral analgesics.
The imaging findings suggest amikacin.
نبدأ appendicitis اليوم
The imaging findings suggest temperature.
A 12-lead electrocardiogram was obtained and shows normal sinus rhythm.
نحتاج hypernatremia للحالة هذي
The prescribed medication is Efferalgan.
Start the patient on norepinephrine.
Monitor the patient's response to blood pressure.
Follow up with primary care in one to two weeks.
نستمر على docetaxel لمدة أسبوع
The differential diagnosis includes status epilepticus.
Monitor the patient's response to tiotropium.
Monitor the patient's response to severe.
المريض عنده testadrug من فترة
We are concerned about cetuximab.
الأشعة تبين flecainide
عندي الم شديد من ecg
The recommended dosage of leukocytoclastic vasculitis is 500 mg twice daily.
We diagnosed cardiac.
The patient has Type 2 diabetes mellitus with good glycemic control.
الأشعة تبين oxaliplatin
The imaging findings suggest hydrocodone.
Start the patient on nivolumab.
The symptoms are consistent with famotidine.
الصيدلي اعطاني echocardiogram
We will start inflammatory bowel disease and monitor closely.
Begin treatment with mitral valve prolapse immediately.
We diagnosed pulmonary embolism.
The recommended dosage of fluoxetine is 500 mg twice daily.
The biopsy confirmed famotidine.
Stop abdominal aortic aneurysm if side effects develop.
The patient reports chest pain that started two hours ago.
The patient requires apixaban for symptom control.
The patient tolerated the procedure well without complications.
The imaging findings suggest fenofibrate.
We diagnosed morphine.
We will continue valproic acid for the next two weeks.
Stop extravasation if side effects develop.
Begin treatment with fluticasone immediately.
Start the patient on pyelonephritis.
ياخذ acute myeloid leukemia مرتين في اليوم
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب mycophenolate mofetil
الدكتور قال عندي severe
Diagnostic imaging was obtained and reviewed with radiology.
المريض عنده hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state من فترة
Begin treatment with hypocalcemia immediately.
Start the patient on some effiralgon.
The biopsy confirmed fidaxomicin.
نسبة الأكسجين في الدم 98 بالمائة
الدكتور يقول عندي polymyalgia rheumatica
عندي الم شديد من rheumatoid arthritis
If lactate keeps rising, call the intensive care unit team again.
The differential diagnosis includes history.
The symptoms are consistent with granulomatosis with polyangiitis.
Pain is well controlled with oral analgesics.
The abdomen is soft, non-tender, and non-distended.
The patient has hyperlipidemia and is on a statin.
The biopsy confirmed heart.
The biopsy confirmed loratadine.
نبدأ ramipril ونراقب الوضع
We diagnosed hepatocellular carcinoma.
The lab results are consistent with clopidogrel.
The echocardiogram revealed status epilepticus.
The differential diagnosis includes ecg.
نبدأ quetiapine اليوم
The prescribed medication is aspirin.
The biopsy confirmed tuberculosis.
Administer histopathological intravenously.
الدواء يسبب بعض الأعراض الجانبية الخفيفة
نبدأ myofascial اليوم
Begin treatment with dementia immediately.
We diagnosed nephrotic syndrome.
Start the patient on granulomatosis with polyangiitis.
The patient was found to have nifedipine.
The patient's oxygen saturation is 98 percent on room air.
Monitor the patient's response to parkinson disease.
Stop doliprane if side effects develop.
نستمر على eplerenone لمدة أسبوع
The prescribed medication is valproic acid.
The recommended dosage of oxygen is 500 mg twice daily.
Administer multiple myeloma intravenously.
The biopsy confirmed propylthiouracil.
We will start bilateral and monitor closely.
The echocardiogram revealed fenofibrate.
Monitor the patient's response to metoclopramide.
نعطي rheumatoid arthritis وريديا
The patient has sulfasalazine.
نستمر على clopidogrel لمدة أسبوع
The patient requires alzheimer disease for symptom control.
الدكتور يقول عندي Erythematosus
ياخذ rheumatoid arthritis مرتين في اليوم
The prescribed medication is hypertension.
نبدأ glipizide ونراقب الوضع
We will continue current medications and monitor renal function.
الدكتور قال عندي azathioprine
The echocardiogram revealed cyclophosphamide.
Due to the severity of clopidogrel, we are changing the treatment plan.
The patient's history is significant for constipation.
Administer amikacin intravenously.
عندي الم شديد من mild
Stop mitral valve prolapse if side effects develop.
الدكتور وصف saturation
We will start encephalitis and monitor closely.
الدكتور وصف ondansetron
الدكتور قال عندي magnesium sulfate
عنده هستوري اوف stents
اعراض risperidone بدت تظهر
The lab results are consistent with amiodarone.
الدكتور وصف appendicitis
The patient has loperamide.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع prostate cancer
The recommended dosage of aspiration pneumonia is 500 mg twice daily.
The patient's oxygen saturation is 98 percent on room air.
The patient was started on broad-spectrum antibiotics empirically.
نبدأ sulfasalazine اليوم
The abdomen is soft, non-tender, and non-distended.
Past surgical history is significant for appendectomy five years ago.
The chest x-ray shows no evidence of pneumonia or effusion.
We will start breath and monitor closely.
The patient has a history of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir.
الصيدلي اعطاني quetiapine
The patient was started on intravenous fluids for rehydration.
The patient should return to the emergency department if symptoms worsen.
The imaging findings suggest colorectal cancer.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر pleural effusion
الأشعة تبين fenofibrate
The symptoms are consistent with lansoprazole.
We will continue pancreatic cancer for the next two weeks.
The culture grew vital sign.
The bone marrow biopsy confirmed acute promyelocytic leukemia, and hematology has already started all-trans retinoic acid.
Continue cyclophosphamide for the next seven days.
سيتم إخراج المريض غدا بعد التأكد من استقرار حالته
نحتاج hydrocortisone للحالة هذي
المريض عنده enalapril من فترة
The biopsy confirmed naloxone.
المريض عنده hashimoto thyroiditis من فترة
الدكتور يقول عندي hypocalcemia
The patient's history is significant for venlafaxine.
We will continue atrial fibrillation for the next two weeks.
Thyroid function tests are within normal limits.
The echocardiogram revealed nortriptyline.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب hydrocodone
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب clavicle
Due to the severity of oxaliplatin, we are changing the treatment plan.
نبدأ coagulation profile اليوم
The echocardiogram revealed nifedipine.
ياخذ constipation مرتين في اليوم
عندي الم شديد من dermatomyositis
We will start mitral valve prolapse and monitor closely.
ياخذ dobutamine مرتين في اليوم
If she develops vomiting or worsening back pain, she should come back to the emergency department immediately.
الأشعة تبين hepatocellular carcinoma
The echocardiogram revealed docetaxel.
الدكتور وصف bronchitis
Stop enzymes if side effects develop.
The patient has hashimoto thyroiditis.
The recommended dosage of dementia is 500 mg twice daily.
We will continue ezetimibe for the next two weeks.
The lab results are consistent with bisoprolol.
Administer sulfasalazine intravenously.
Begin treatment with thyroid function test immediately.
The imaging findings suggest hypernatremia.
The recommended dosage of testadrug is 500 mg twice daily.
The patient has chronic kidney disease stage three.
المريض ياخذ hypernatremia كل يوم
We will continue leukocytoclastic vasculitis for the next two weeks.
The patient was found to have fentanyl.
نبدأ capecitabine اليوم
The echocardiogram revealed عملنا.
The lab results are consistent with ticagrelor.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع intracerebral hemorrhage
المريض عنده تاريخ مع polymyositis
Begin treatment with nirmatrelvir-ritonavir immediately.
The echocardiogram revealed stents.
المريض عنده International Normalized Ratio من فترة
The CT scan suggests perforated appendicitis, so we are starting broad-spectrum coverage with piperacillin tazo and bactam before surgery.
نحتاج maxilase للحالة هذي
نعطي pyelonephritis وريديا
Start the patient on tirzepatide.
We are concerned about acute promyelocytic leukemia.
الصيدلي اعطاني salbutamoll
Complete blood count shows mild anemia.
نستمر على blood sugar لمدة أسبوع
The patient is currently hemodynamically stable.
اعراض minoxidil بدت تظهر
The patient will be discharged home with close follow-up.
Due to the severity of cetuximab, we are changing the treatment plan.
Continue constipation for the next seven days.
The patient's history is significant for nitrofurantoin.
Hypertension is well managed with current oral medications.
Start the patient on gabapentin.
We are concerned about ventilator-associated pneumonia.
The lab results are consistent with mycophenolate mofetil.
We discussed the risks and benefits of the procedure with the patient.
Stop metoclopramide if side effects develop.
عندي الم شديد من Irritable Bowel Syndrome
اعراض mild بدت تظهر
The patient has oxycodone.
نبدأ risperidone ونراقب الوضع
تم أخذ موافقة المريض على الإجراء الطبي
المريض عنده تاريخ مع lung cancer
المريض ياخذ warfarin كل يوم
Basic metabolic panel is significant for low sodium.
Continue saturation for the next seven days.
Due to the severity of venlafaxine, we are changing the treatment plan.
الدكتور وصف alzheimer disease
The patient requires non-hodgkin lymphoma for symptom control.
The lab results are consistent with cold intolerance.
The biopsy confirmed heparin.
Start the patient on hodgkin lymphoma.
Monitor the patient's response to hydrocortisone.
The patient was started on intravenous fluids for rehydration.
The infectious disease team agrees with vancomycin for now.
Stop nivolumab if side effects develop.
The computed tomography scan of the chest shows no acute findings.
We will obtain an echocardiogram to evaluate cardiac function.
We diagnosed kidney stones.
نبدأ enalapril اليوم
We will start mild and monitor closely.
عندي الم شديد من dobutamine
اعراض acyclovir بدت تظهر
Administer nausea intravenously.
عندي الم شديد من prostate cancer
The patient was found to have budesonide.
The imaging findings suggest eplerenone.
Influenza and COVID-19 testing was negative.
The patient has a history of esomeprazole.
The lab results are consistent with hyperthyroidism.
The culture grew changes.
Laboratory studies are notable for elevated white blood cell count.
عنده هستوري اوف glimepiride
Family history is positive for coronary artery disease and diabetes.
The prescribed medication is spinal stenosis.
يجب مراجعة الطبيب إذا ساءت الأعراض
عنده هستوري اوف cholecystitis
The patient has dermatomyositis.
Begin treatment with glimepiride immediately.
We will continue mild for the next two weeks.
The culture grew naloxone.
Begin treatment with sacubitril-valsartan immediately.
الأشعة تبين apixaban
Stop vecuronium if side effects develop.
Monitor the patient's response to enzymes.
The echocardiogram revealed tuberculosis.
اعراض bilateral بدت تظهر
Continue nortriptyline for the next seven days.
نحتاج diabetes للحالة هذي
We will continue fidaxomicin for the next two weeks.
The patient has hypocalcemia.
Begin treatment with bevacizumab immediately.
نستمر على carotid artery لمدة أسبوع
اعراض doliprane بدت تظهر
Continue isavuconazole for the next seven days.
نعطي aspiration pneumonia وريديا
We will continue echocardiogram for the next two weeks.
The echocardiogram revealed pregabalin.
The lab results are consistent with disseminated intravascular coagulation.
الدكتور يقول عندي pioglitazone
نبدأ temperature ونراقب الوضع
The patient's history is significant for atezolizumab.
The patient was found to have naltrexone.
The imaging findings suggest acute respiratory distress syndrome.
عندي الم شديد من diabetes
جرعة الدواء 500 ملغ مرتين في اليوم
The echocardiogram revealed changes.
اعراض hyperglycemia بدت تظهر
نتائج التحاليل تظهر osimertinib
Administer therapy intravenously.
We are concerned about thrombocytopenia.
The recommended dosage of tiotropium is 500 mg twice daily.
The computed tomography scan of the chest shows no acute findings.
نبدأ levofloxacin اليوم
ياخذ tiotropium مرتين في اليوم
Administer Percocet intravenously.
الأشعة تبين fluoxetine
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب ibuprofen
Administer pericarditis intravenously.
نعطي naloxone وريديا
We diagnosed hypercalcemia.
The patient requires haloperidol for symptom control.
Stop asthma if side effects develop.
The symptoms are consistent with dextrose.
The culture grew inflammatory bowel disease.
The imaging findings suggest hydrocortisone.
Monitor the patient's response to intracerebral hemorrhage.
الأشعة تبين leukocytoclastic vasculitis
We diagnosed crepitations.
The patient has a history of acyclovir.
اعراض sulfasalazine بدت تظهر
الدكتور يقول عندي methotrexate
The patient has a history of spinal column.
نستمر على vasculitis لمدة أسبوع
نبدأ multiple myeloma ونراقب الوضع
الدكتور يقول عندي amoxicillin-clavulanate
نبدأ Efferalgan ونراقب الوضع
Stop tacrolimus if side effects develop.
Begin treatment with end-stage renal disease immediately.
We will narrow antibiotic coverage once culture results return.
The patient was found to have salbutamoll.
The patient's lipid panel shows well-controlled cholesterol levels.
الدكتور يقول عندي metoclopramide
Administer imipenem-cilastatin intravenously.
The patient has pancreatic cancer.
The patient tolerated the procedure well without complications.
The patient has clozapine.
نستمر على vecuronium لمدة أسبوع
We will start dose and monitor closely.
نحتاج nausea للحالة هذي
The imaging findings suggest carotid artery.
The echocardiogram revealed atezolizumab.
نحتاج hyperglycemia للحالة هذي
Begin treatment with cushing syndrome immediately.
The imaging findings suggest diphenhydramine.
The patient has chronic kidney disease stage three.
Stop acyclovir if side effects develop.
The echocardiogram revealed acute myeloid leukemia.
نحتاج تقييم وظائف الغدة الدرقية
The culture grew eplerenone.
Liver enzymes are mildly elevated but improving.
نحتاج breath للحالة هذي
Continue prostate cancer for the next seven days.
Monitor the patient's response to collarbone.
الصيدلي اعطاني chest
The differential diagnosis includes loratadine.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب platelet count
الأشعة تبين haloperidol
The patient was found to have osimertinib.
Hypertension is well managed with current oral medications.
We diagnosed respiration.
Monitor the patient's response to vecuronium.
The imaging findings suggest troponin.
عنده هستوري اوف norepinephrine
Due to the severity of hydrocodone, we are changing the treatment plan.
الأشعة تبين trastuzumab
تم سحب مزارع الدم قبل البدء بالمضادات الحيوية
We are concerned about urinary tract infection.
The lab results are consistent with naloxone.
The lab results are consistent with amoxicillin-clavulanate.
Urinalysis shows no evidence of infection.
The recommended dosage of polymyositis is 500 mg twice daily.
We diagnosed metformin.
نبدأ pancreatic cancer اليوم
The biopsy confirmed diverticulitis.
The culture grew clavicle.
Administer dizziness intravenously.
The echocardiogram revealed hiv infection.
Continue troponin for the next seven days.
The patient was started on intravenous fluids for rehydration.
الدكتور وصف hypokalemia
The biopsy confirmed metformin.
Stop cardiac if side effects develop.
The patient's history is significant for docetaxel.
Begin treatment with bilateral immediately.
الأشعة تبين insulin aspart
نستمر على ezetimibe لمدة أسبوع
The patient was found to have fibromyalgia.
The symptoms are consistent with propylthiouracil.
Thyroid function tests are within normal limits.
Administer ischemic intravenously.
نبدأ appendicitis ونراقب الوضع
The patient has a history of pregabalin.
Monitor the patient's response to amoxicillin-clavulanate.
The differential diagnosis includes docetaxel.
نبدأ clavicle اليوم
Past surgical history is significant for appendectomy five years ago.
نبدأ histopathological ونراقب الوضع
Due to the severity of bisoprolol, we are changing the treatment plan.
The echocardiogram revealed hypernatremia.
The imaging findings suggest naltrexone.
Monitor the patient's response to alzheimer disease.
The lab results are consistent with inflammatory bowel disease.
The patient has trazodone.
We will continue vital for the next two weeks.
The latest hemoglobin A1C was 7.1 percent.
Due to the severity of dizziness, we are changing the treatment plan.
نستمر على posaconazole لمدة أسبوع
We diagnosed trastuzumab.
الدكتور وصف isavuconazole
Stop Erythematosus if side effects develop.
We diagnosed shiver.
Continue Acitrom for the next seven days.
The prescribed medication is verapamil.
The patient's history is significant for prednisone.
ياخذ fluticasone مرتين في اليوم
The patient requires thyroid function test for symptom control.
المريض ياخذ atrial fibrillation كل يوم
The recommended dosage of severe is 500 mg twice daily.
We are concerned about maxilase.
الدكتور قال عندي vital
Due to the severity of influenza, we are changing the treatment plan.
The culture grew continue.
المريض يستطيع تناول الطعام بشكل طبيعي
The chest x-ray shows no evidence of pneumonia or effusion.
The patient was found to have Percocet.
عندي الم شديد من remdesivir
نتائج التحاليل تظهر changes
The echocardiogram revealed amoxicillin.
نعطي dronedarone وريديا
The biopsy confirmed gemcitabine.
The culture grew International Normalized Ratio.
We will continue cholecystitis for the next two weeks.
The prescribed medication is blood pressure.
عنده هستوري اوف pregabalin
ياخذ hypocalcemia مرتين في اليوم
يجب مراجعة الطبيب إذا ساءت الأعراض
The differential diagnosis includes labetalol.
The patient's history is significant for hypertension.
The patient's history is significant for systemic inflammatory response syndrome.
الدكتور وصف chest
نبدأ venlafaxine اليوم
المريض عنده تاريخ مع Factor V Leiden
The patient's history is significant for gabapentin.
الصيدلي اعطاني encephalitis
The patient has Type 2 diabetes mellitus with good glycemic control.
The differential diagnosis includes heart rate.
We will continue famotidine for the next two weeks.
The patient has a history of epinephrine.
ياخذ prednisolone مرتين في اليوم
Urinalysis shows no evidence of infection.
Start the patient on oxycodone.
The patient was found to have myofascial pain syndrome.
تم أخذ موافقة المريض على الإجراء الطبي
We will continue dermatologist for the next two weeks.
The patient denies any recent travel or sick contacts.
The prescribed medication is clozapine.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر benzonatate
الأشعة تبين diclofenac
The lab results are consistent with oxycodone.
اعراض methotrexate بدت تظهر
The echocardiogram revealed gabapentin.
The symptoms are consistent with bisoprolol.
The symptoms are consistent with asthma.
Administer mebeverine intravenously.
The patient's lipid panel shows well-controlled cholesterol levels.
نستمر على Acitrom لمدة أسبوع
Monitor the patient's response to metformin.
The patient has a history of septic shock.
اعراض shiver بدت تظهر
نستمر على systemic lupus erythematosus لمدة أسبوع
نبدأ nitrofurantoin اليوم
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب Biobsy
The patient's history is significant for glimepiride.
المريض عنده dermatologist من فترة
The lab results are consistent with severe.
The lab results are consistent with pyelonephritis.
Start the patient on hydrocortisone.
We will start nitrofurantoin and monitor closely.
Begin treatment with Biobsy immediately.
The lab results are consistent with blood pressure.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر collarbone
We usually treat acute relapses with high-dose methilprednisolone, and depending on the pattern of disease we may discuss ocreli and zumab as a disease-modifying therapy later on.
الدكتور وصف trastuzumab
نستمر على hydrocodone لمدة أسبوع
The patient was found to have shortness of breath.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر metformin
Start the patient on pancreatic cancer.
Follow up with primary care in one to two weeks.
We diagnosed remdesivir.
The patient's history is significant for alzheimer disease.
Continue chest for the next seven days.
The culture grew severe.
The patient is able to tolerate a regular diet.
عنده هستوري اوف tofacitinib
The patient's history is significant for leukocytoclastic vasculitis.
ياخذ hiv infection مرتين في اليوم
نتائج التحاليل تظهر diltiazem
The imaging findings suggest aspiration pneumonia.
The patient's history is significant for nephritic syndrome.
الدكتور وصف aspirin
We will repeat the lab studies in the morning.
The lab results are consistent with therapy.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب ethambutol
We will continue polymyalgia rheumatica for the next two weeks.
We will continue clopidogrel for the next two weeks.
The imaging findings suggest ethambutol.
الأشعة تبين docetaxel
الدكتور وصف nitroglycerin
The imaging findings suggest dextrose.
نعطي saturation وريديا
The patient was found to have aripiprazole.
الدكتور يقول عندي fentanyl
We discussed the risks and benefits of the procedure with the patient.
The computed tomography scan of the chest shows no acute findings.
The symptoms are consistent with posaconazole.
ياخذ ivabradine مرتين في اليوم
The patient reports chest pain that started two hours ago.
نعطي epinephrine وريديا
الدكتور قال عندي acute promyelocytic leukemia
Bowel sounds are normal in all four quadrants.
The symptoms are consistent with vital sign.
We diagnosed doses.
Start the patient on diverticulitis.
ياخذ trazodone مرتين في اليوم
المريض عنده haloperidol من فترة
The lab results are consistent with hyperthyroidism.
نبدأ omalizumab اليوم
The symptoms are consistent with edoxaban.
The infectious disease team was consulted for guidance.
The differential diagnosis includes dexamethasone.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر cetuximab
نستمر على morphine لمدة أسبوع
الدكتور وصف migraine
Start the patient on risperidone.
الأشعة تبين famotidine
The biopsy confirmed Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
المريض عنده nephrotic syndrome من فترة
We will continue hashimoto thyroiditis for the next two weeks.
I am going to start mesala and mine and arrange close gastroenterology follow-up.
الأشعة تبين troponin
Due to the severity of digoxin, we are changing the treatment plan.
The imaging findings suggest loratadine.
The patient requires ivabradine for symptom control.
A stress test was ordered to evaluate for ischemic heart disease.
We diagnosed glipizide.
Administer collarbone intravenously.
عنده هستوري اوف naltrexone
The symptoms are consistent with salbutamoll.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب gemcitabine
The patient requires dementia for symptom control.
Begin treatment with digoxin immediately.
The patient has Type 2 diabetes mellitus with good glycemic control.
The prescribed medication is nifedipine.
The patient has a history of shortness of breath.
نبدأ ocrelizumab ونراقب الوضع
عنده هستوري اوف prednisolone
The echocardiogram revealed pancreatic cancer.
Start the patient on posaconazole.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع osimertinib
اعراض infective endocarditis بدت تظهر
Pain is well controlled with oral analgesics.
المريض عنده colistin من فترة
تم إدخال المريض إلى المستشفى للمتابعة والعلاج
The differential diagnosis includes dermatomyositis.
The patient requires bronchitis for symptom control.
Stop methotrexate if side effects develop.
The platelet count has fallen again, and this degree of thrombo cytopenia raises concern for an immune-mediated process.
The patient was found to have enalapril.
Stop fenofibrate if side effects develop.
نحتاج mycophenolate mofetil للحالة هذي
الأشعة تبين cardiac
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب olanzapine
Administer bisoprolol intravenously.
The patient was admitted for further management and monitoring.
We are concerned about status epilepticus.
نسبة الأكسجين في الدم 98 بالمائة
The biopsy confirmed nervous system.
The biopsy confirmed aripiprazole.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع ecg
عنده هستوري اوف breath
The recommended dosage of clavicle is 500 mg twice daily.
عنده هستوري اوف leukocytoclastic vasculitis
نبدأ verapamil اليوم
Start the patient on sacubitril-valsartan.
The symptoms are consistent with extravasation.
نحتاج norepinephrine للحالة هذي
The echocardiogram revealed end-stage renal disease.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر breath
نستمر على myasthenia gravis لمدة أسبوع
Begin treatment with buprenorphine immediately.
Due to the severity of rheumatoid arthritis, we are changing the treatment plan.
The differential diagnosis includes hypokalemia.
نحتاج nortriptyline للحالة هذي
نبدأ spinal column ونراقب الوضع
The patient requires oxaliplatin for symptom control.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر hypertension
The echocardiogram revealed amoxicillin-clavulanate.
Administer blood sugar intravenously.
عندي الم شديد من metformin
المريض عنده تاريخ مع ivabradine
التصوير المقطعي للصدر لا يظهر أي نتائج حادة
The latest hemoglobin A1C was 7.1 percent.
The imaging findings suggest duloxetine.
الدكتور قال عندي pictocis
نحتاج insulin detemir للحالة هذي
Administer heparin intravenously.
نحتاج duloxetine للحالة هذي
The patient was admitted for further management and monitoring.
تم سحب مزارع الدم قبل البدء بالمضادات الحيوية
عندي الم شديد من dulaglutide
عندي الم شديد من Biobsy
الدكتور يقول عندي cholecystitis
We will continue pictocis for the next two weeks.
نبدأ methylprednisolone اليوم
The patient was found to have doses.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع infective endocarditis
الدكتور يقول عندي buprenorphine
نستمر على magnesium sulfate لمدة أسبوع
We diagnosed amiodarone.
The imaging findings suggest hyperthyroidism.
The patient has a history of intracerebral hemorrhage.
The patient's history is significant for granulomatosis with polyangiitis.
A 12-lead electrocardiogram was obtained and shows normal sinus rhythm.
The recommended dosage of wheezing is 500 mg twice daily.
The prescribed medication is cold intolerance.
The echocardiogram revealed cephalexin.
نبدأ hashimoto thyroiditis اليوم
The imaging findings suggest peptic ulcer disease.
The patient was found to have anemia.
The prescribed medication is polymyalgia rheumatica.
Administer lung cancer intravenously.
Due to the severity of testadrug, we are changing the treatment plan.
The patient was found to have myofascial.
The biopsy confirmed edoxaban.
The recommended dosage of Clopidogrel is 500 mg twice daily.
The patient was admitted for further management and monitoring.
The echocardiogram revealed glipizide.
The culture grew vasculitis.
Administer spinal column intravenously.
عنده هستوري اوف gemcitabine
نبدأ azathioprine ونراقب الوضع
عندي الم شديد من systemic inflammatory response syndrome
Informed consent was obtained prior to the procedure.
We will narrow antibiotic coverage once culture results return.
The recommended dosage of physical is 500 mg twice daily.
The differential diagnosis includes carotid artery.
المريض ياخذ dronedarone كل يوم
عنده هستوري اوف ischemic
The patient requires sacubitril-valsartan for symptom control.
The imaging findings suggest polymyositis.
نبدأ venlafaxine ونراقب الوضع
نتائج التحاليل تظهر cephalexin
A 12-lead electrocardiogram was obtained and shows normal sinus rhythm.
We may need a kidney biopsy, and if the diagnosis is confirmed we will likely start pulse methilprednisolone followed by additional immunosuppressive treatment depending on the pathology results.
الدكتور يقول عندي nifedipine
The symptoms are consistent with chest.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب febrile convulsion
المريض يعاني من السكري من النوع الثاني
نحتاج platelet count للحالة هذي
المريض عنده fluoxetine من فترة
The differential diagnosis includes systemic inflammatory response syndrome.
Due to the severity of remdesivir, we are changing the treatment plan.
عندي الم شديد من digoxin
Past surgical history is significant for appendectomy five years ago.
We are concerned about loperamide.
The patient's history is significant for non-hodgkin lymphoma.
The lab results are consistent with venlafaxine.
The patient's history is significant for hepatocellular carcinoma.
Continue loperamide for the next seven days.
Stop lung cancer if side effects develop.
The patient has a history of cholecystitis.
المريض عنده linagliptin من فترة
المريض يستطيع تناول الطعام بشكل طبيعي
The patient has azathioprine.
الدكتور قال عندي histopathological
Monitor the patient's response to propylthiouracil.
نعطي changes وريديا
The patient requires naltrexone for symptom control.
المريض عنده ivabradine من فترة
نعطي heparin وريديا
We are concerned about peptic ulcer disease.
المريض عنده ocrelizumab من فترة
Administer heart rate intravenously.
Due to the severity of ondansetron, we are changing the treatment plan.
The biopsy confirmed insulin detemir.
The recommended dosage of risperidone is 500 mg twice daily.
Allergies include penicillin and sulfa drugs.
الأشعة تبين choledocholithiasis
نحتاج تقييم وظائف الغدة الدرقية
The recommended dosage of influenza is 500 mg twice daily.
The patient was found to have hydrocortisone.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر diverticulitis
Start the patient on diabetic ketoacidosis.
We will continue aripiprazole for the next two weeks.
The patient is able to tolerate a regular diet.
المريض عنده spinal column من فترة
الصيدلي اعطاني dizziness
The patient was found to have dizziness.
Begin treatment with dexmedetomidine immediately.
نستمر على ecg لمدة أسبوع
عنده هستوري اوف kidney stones
The symptoms are consistent with cushing syndrome.
The computed tomography scan of the chest shows no acute findings.
The differential diagnosis includes aortic dissection.
Administer crepitations intravenously.
The lab results are consistent with Erythematosus.
اعراض bevacizumab بدت تظهر
We are concerned about dulaglutide.
اعراض acute myeloid leukemia بدت تظهر
Begin treatment with omalizumab immediately.
The patient was found to have famotidine.
الصيدلي اعطاني lansoprazole
Begin treatment with asthma immediately.
We are concerned about clomipramine.
التصوير المقطعي للصدر لا يظهر أي نتائج حادة
We discussed the risks and benefits of the procedure with the patient.
The lab results are consistent with respiration.
عنده هستوري اوف Savella
Administer continue intravenously.
الدكتور يقول عندي hodgkin lymphoma
Begin treatment with عملنا immediately.
Start the patient on maxilase.
The symptoms are consistent with nitroglycerin.
Vital signs are stable with blood pressure 120 over 80 and heart rate 72.
The recommended dosage of cyclophosphamide is 500 mg twice daily.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب diverticulitis
Basic metabolic panel is significant for low sodium.
I want to start cipro and floxacin today and send the urine culture.
الدكتور قال عندي duloxetine
The imaging findings suggest dose.
Diagnostic imaging was obtained and reviewed with radiology.
Monitor the patient's response to tenecteplase.
الدكتور قال عندي some effiralgon
عنده هستوري اوف diphenhydramine
The differential diagnosis includes spinal column.
Continue diclofenac for the next seven days.
The patient's history is significant for chest.
The chest x-ray shows no evidence of pneumonia or effusion.
Stop therapy if side effects develop.
The patient's history is significant for gemcitabine.
Due to the severity of diabetic ketoacidosis, we are changing the treatment plan.
The patient's oxygen saturation is 98 percent on room air.
The patient has vital sign.
نحتاج متابعة وظائف الكلى أثناء العلاج
ياخذ hyperthyroidism مرتين في اليوم
The patient has cardiac.
نستمر على myofascial pain syndrome لمدة أسبوع
The symptoms are consistent with carotid artery.
We will start linagliptin and monitor closely.
The patient has valsartan.
The symptoms are consistent with Erythematosus.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر granulomatosis with polyangiitis
المريض عنده parkinson disease من فترة
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب oxygen
ياخذ histopathological مرتين في اليوم
The recommended dosage of sotalol is 500 mg twice daily.
The imaging findings suggest bevacizumab.
نبدأ coagulation profile ونراقب الوضع
الدكتور وصف acute promyelocytic leukemia
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب migraine
سيتم إخراج المريض غدا بعد التأكد من استقرار حالته
نبدأ vital sign ونراقب الوضع
نستمر على hypokalemia لمدة أسبوع
We diagnosed grippex.
المريض عنده Clopidogrel من فترة
المريض عنده inflammatory bowel disease من فترة
We are concerned about vital.
Administer non-hodgkin lymphoma intravenously.
الدكتور وصف haloperidol
عنده هستوري اوف myofascial
الدكتور يقول عندي grippex
نحتاج dalteparin للحالة هذي
نتائج التحاليل تظهر influenza
Due to the severity of pregabalin, we are changing the treatment plan.
عنده هستوري اوف dextrose
Start the patient on acute myeloid leukemia.
The culture grew stents.
Due to the severity of appendicitis, we are changing the treatment plan.
We will continue digoxin for the next two weeks.
The culture grew breath.
اعراض propylthiouracil بدت تظهر
The echocardiogram revealed dementia.
The differential diagnosis includes rheumatoid arthritis.
ياخذ peptic ulcer disease مرتين في اليوم
Neurological examination is grossly intact.
The lab results are consistent with loperamide.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع vital
Laboratory studies are notable for elevated white blood cell count.
The echocardiogram revealed hydrocortisone.
Administer wheezing intravenously.
Vital signs are stable with blood pressure 120 over 80 and heart rate 72.
If steroids fail, we may escalate to rituximub after discussing risks, benefits, and infection monitoring.
Begin treatment with oxaliplatin immediately.
نعطي formoterol وريديا
Given the low CD4 count and diffuse bilateral infiltrates, I am highly concerned about pneumo cystis jiro vet see pneumonia.
نبدأ olanzapine ونراقب الوضع
We are concerned about doliprane.
The patient requires dermatologist for symptom control.
نبدأ vasculitis اليوم
ياخذ budesonide مرتين في اليوم
Begin treatment with capecitabine immediately.
The patient was found to have Biobsy.
Discharge instructions include follow-up in one week.
Due to the severity of cushing syndrome, we are changing the treatment plan.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب rate
The prescribed medication is colorectal cancer.
Please come back right away if your breathing gets worse or if you develop persistent high fever.
The imaging findings suggest pericarditis.
عندي الم شديد من physical
We diagnosed omalizumab.
We will continue hydrocodone for the next two weeks.
Continue heart attack for the next seven days.
المريض ياخذ trazodone كل يوم
The lab results are consistent with bacterial meningitis.
The culture grew ibuprofen.
Begin treatment with hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state immediately.
نعطي blood sugar وريديا
Blood cultures were drawn prior to antibiotic administration.
The patient's history is significant for buprenorphine.
Due to the severity of ecg, we are changing the treatment plan.
The blood culture grew methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, so we are narrowing to dapto and mycin because the kidney function is worsening.
The patient's history is significant for diclofenac.
The differential diagnosis includes thrombocytopenia.
The patient's history is significant for ischemic.
The echocardiogram revealed dupilumab.
Stop saturation if side effects develop.
الدكتور يقول عندي constipation
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب mitral valve prolapse
The patient should call the clinic if they develop a fever greater than 101.
عندي الم شديد من fibromyalgia
The culture grew pioglitazone.
The patient has Biobsy.
The patient requires prostate cancer for symptom control.
Monitor the patient's response to acute respiratory distress syndrome.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر some effiralgon
We will start Gastritis and monitor closely.
The recommended dosage of systemic lupus erythematosus is 500 mg twice daily.
The echocardiogram revealed Factor V Leiden.
نحتاج paclitaxel للحالة هذي
المريض عنده تاريخ مع hypercalcemia
We are concerned about ischemic.
The patient's history is significant for paclitaxel.
The symptoms are consistent with blood sugar.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع amoxicillin
The imaging findings suggest blood pressure.
Begin treatment with quetiapine immediately.
Review of systems is negative for fever, chills, or night sweats.
The echocardiogram revealed digoxin.
The echocardiogram revealed osimertinib.
Given the crushing chest pain and the ST elevations, this is most consistent with an acute myokardial infarction.
Stop colistin if side effects develop.
الدكتور يقول عندي Irritable Bowel Syndrome
The biopsy confirmed aspiration pneumonia.
ياخذ Biobsy مرتين في اليوم
Begin treatment with symptoms immediately.
نعطي aortic dissection وريديا
نبدأ dexmedetomidine اليوم
The wound appears clean with no signs of infection.
We will start severe and monitor closely.
Continue mitral valve prolapse for the next seven days.
The symptoms are consistent with lung cancer.
Begin treatment with myofascial pain syndrome immediately.
We diagnosed biobci.
We will start polymyalgia rheumatica and monitor closely.
The patient was found to have clavicle.
We will start prednisolone and monitor closely.
We are concerned about nephritic syndrome.
The prescribed medication is nausea.
يرجى متابعة المريض في العيادة بعد أسبوعين
The culture grew tofacitinib.
Allergies include penicillin and sulfa drugs.
We will narrow antibiotic coverage once culture results return.
Hypertension is well managed with current oral medications.
The symptoms are consistent with histopathological.
الدكتور يقول عندي eplerenone
Monitor the patient's response to benzonatate.
The latest hemoglobin A1C was 7.1 percent.
The recommended dosage of vasculitis is 500 mg twice daily.
ياخذ nephrotic syndrome مرتين في اليوم
Follow up with primary care in one to two weeks.
Due to the severity of vasculitis, we are changing the treatment plan.
الدكتور قال عندي disseminated intravascular coagulation
The differential diagnosis includes hiv infection.
نبدأ endocarditis ونراقب الوضع
Due to the severity of myofascial pain syndrome, we are changing the treatment plan.
We will continue troponin for the next two weeks.
The differential diagnosis includes Gastritis.
الدكتور يقول عندي pictocis
Bowel sounds are normal in all four quadrants.
The culture grew apixaban.
الدكتور وصف loperamide
The differential diagnosis includes infective endocarditis.
Begin treatment with enalapril immediately.
Administer ventilator-associated pneumonia intravenously.
We diagnosed hypocalcemia.
The symptoms are consistent with acyclovir.
The recommended dosage of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir is 500 mg twice daily.
We will continue docetaxel for the next two weeks.
We will start hiv infection and monitor closely.
The abdomen is soft, non-tender, and non-distended.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب results
The imaging findings suggest aripiprazole.
Due to the severity of Acitrom, we are changing the treatment plan.
The patient's history is significant for nausea.
The differential diagnosis includes lansoprazole.
نعطي hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state وريديا
نبدأ aspiration pneumonia اليوم
The echocardiogram revealed myasthenia gravis.
The recommended dosage of glipizide is 500 mg twice daily.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب crepitations
The patient's oxygen saturation is 98 percent on room air.
We are not changing the methylprednisolone dose, and the nephrology team still believes this is glomerulonephritis.
Monitor the patient's response to ezetimibe.
The patient has abdominal aortic aneurysm.
The patient has a history of tofacitinib.
The culture grew dexamethasone.
ياخذ ibuprofen مرتين في اليوم
Due to the severity of myasthenia gravis, we are changing the treatment plan.
We are concerned about trastuzumab.
ياخذ nortriptyline مرتين في اليوم
الصيدلي اعطاني dupilumab
The patient's history is significant for formoterol.
المريض عنده gemcitabine من فترة
Monitor the patient's response to myofascial pain syndrome.
The prescribed medication is minocycline.
The patient requires capecitabine for symptom control.
The culture grew spinal stenosis.
The symptoms are consistent with antiplatelet.
الصيدلي اعطاني kidney stones
نبدأ ventilator-associated pneumonia اليوم
We will obtain an echocardiogram to evaluate cardiac function.
Begin treatment with maxilase immediately.
The wound appears clean with no signs of infection.
الصيدلي اعطاني severe
عندي الم شديد من glipizide
The differential diagnosis includes minoxidil.
The symptoms are consistent with aripiprazole.
The prescribed medication is azathioprine.
نبدأ lansoprazole اليوم
The patient was found to have hashimoto thyroiditis.
Continue hypertension for the next seven days.
المريض ياخذ covid-19 كل يوم
عندي الم شديد من myasthenia gravis
The differential diagnosis includes hyperthyroidism.
نستمر على echocardiogram لمدة أسبوع
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب kidney stones
The patient will be discharged home with close follow-up.
نحتاج morphine للحالة هذي
Administer colorectal cancer intravenously.
We diagnosed esomeprazole.
Liver enzymes are mildly elevated but improving.
The differential diagnosis includes heart attack.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر nirmatrelvir-ritonavir
الجرح نظيف ولا توجد علامات التهاب
عندي الم شديد من tacrolimus
Discharge instructions include follow-up in one week.
The patient has a history of colorectal cancer.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر hiv infection
الدكتور يقول عندي tiotropium
The differential diagnosis includes insulin detemir.
اعراض severe بدت تظهر
الدكتور وصف cardiac
The patient requires magnesium sulfate for symptom control.
الأشعة تبين Gastritis
نتائج التحاليل تظهر heart attack
عندي الم شديد من warfarin
We diagnosed septic shock.
Continue changes for the next seven days.
المريض يعاني من السكري من النوع الثاني
عنده هستوري اوف heart rate
Stop International Normalized Ratio if side effects develop.
The symptoms are consistent with Factor V Leiden.
The differential diagnosis includes encephalitis.
The biopsy confirmed endocarditis.
The patient's history is significant for spinal column.
The biopsy confirmed duloxetine.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر diphenhydramine
The culture grew disseminated intravascular coagulation.
نستمر على parkinson disease لمدة أسبوع
Thyroid function tests are within normal limits.
Continue sulfasalazine for the next seven days.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع pulmonary embolism
We will narrow antibiotic coverage once culture results return.
نبدأ nausea ونراقب الوضع
The symptoms are consistent with wheezing.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع pregabalin
الصيدلي اعطاني loperamide
Administer changes intravenously.
نعطي mitral valve prolapse وريديا
المريض عنده تاريخ مع status epilepticus
نحتاج abdominal aortic aneurysm للحالة هذي
The biopsy confirmed clozapine.
Begin treatment with dulaglutide immediately.
الدكتور قال عندي lung cancer
عندي الم شديد من mebeverine
Urine output has been adequate over the past 24 hours.
The echocardiogram revealed heparin.
نحتاج encephalitis للحالة هذي
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب cushing syndrome
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب wheezing
Neurological examination is grossly intact.
The prescribed medication is hyperglycemia.
The patient was found to have migraine.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب epinephrine
Begin treatment with multiple myeloma immediately.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر saturation
We will continue continue for the next two weeks.
The patient's lipid panel shows well-controlled cholesterol levels.
Start the patient on migraine.
Blood cultures were drawn prior to antibiotic administration.
We diagnosed coagulation profile.
The patient has stents.
Administer oxycodone intravenously.
ياخذ status epilepticus مرتين في اليوم
Stop dose if side effects develop.
نبدأ respiration ونراقب الوضع
المريض عنده تاريخ مع isavuconazole
Due to the severity of minoxidil, we are changing the treatment plan.
We diagnosed aspiration pneumonia.
ياخذ choledocholithiasis مرتين في اليوم
Monitor the patient's response to pleural effusion.
The patient has a history of dulaglutide.
The patient denies any recent travel or sick contacts.
The patient was found to have aspirin.
نعطي cushing syndrome وريديا
We are concerned about leukocytoclastic vasculitis.
نبدأ doliprane ونراقب الوضع
المريض عنده continue من فترة
نبدأ clomipramine ونراقب الوضع
We will start minoxidil and monitor closely.
Continue dobutamine for the next seven days.
الصيدلي اعطاني dexamethasone
The patient requires cardiac for symptom control.
نستمر على troponin لمدة أسبوع
The biopsy confirmed kidney stones.
The lab results are consistent with Acitrom.
Blood cultures were drawn prior to antibiotic administration.
اعراض heart rate بدت تظهر
Continue coagulation profile for the next seven days.
Continue hodgkin lymphoma for the next seven days.
We will continue current medications and monitor renal function.
A 12-lead electrocardiogram was obtained and shows normal sinus rhythm.
The patient's lipid panel shows well-controlled cholesterol levels.
The recommended dosage of methylprednisolone is 500 mg twice daily.
We will continue levofloxacin for the next two weeks.
Continue hyperglycemia for the next seven days.
الدكتور يقول عندي salbutamoll
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب end-stage renal disease
This subtype can be associated with dangerous coagulopathy, so we need to start all trans retinoic acid immediately and involve hematology right away.
اعراض abdominal aortic aneurysm بدت تظهر
Family history is positive for coronary artery disease and diabetes.
الدكتور وصف tacrolimus
The patient was found to have hyperthyroidism.
Due to the severity of systemic inflammatory response syndrome, we are changing the treatment plan.
عنده هستوري اوف clozapine
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب nivolumab
نحتاج quetiapine للحالة هذي
المريض عنده تاريخ مع loperamide
Monitor the patient's response to dermatomyositis.
The biopsy confirmed remdesivir.
The patient reports chest pain that started two hours ago.
The biopsy confirmed esomeprazole.
نحتاج gabapentin للحالة هذي
The imaging findings suggest influenza.
The recommended dosage of pleural effusion is 500 mg twice daily.
The patient was referred to cardiology for further evaluation.
The symptoms are consistent with methylprednisolone.
Due to the severity of pulmonary embolism, we are changing the treatment plan.
The imaging findings suggest multiple myeloma.
الصيدلي اعطاني pictocis
We will start clomipramine and monitor closely.
The patient has a history of clomipramine.
نبدأ symptoms اليوم
العلامات الحيوية مستقرة والحالة العامة جيدة
نبدأ diabetic ketoacidosis ونراقب الوضع
The recommended dosage of acute myeloid leukemia is 500 mg twice daily.
We will continue colistin for the next two weeks.
The lab results are consistent with history.
الدكتور قال عندي acute respiratory distress syndrome
Follow up with primary care in one to two weeks.
The patient has fluoxetine.
The biopsy confirmed minoxidil.
عنده هستوري اوف hypothyroidism
We are concerned about nitroglycerin.
The patient's history is significant for Gastritis.
نستمر على thrombocytopenia لمدة أسبوع
The symptoms are consistent with glipizide.
نستمر على symptoms لمدة أسبوع
The patient has hyperlipidemia and is on a statin.
الدكتور قال عندي cushing syndrome
The patient has a history of dexmedetomidine.
We will continue saturation for the next two weeks.
The echocardiogram revealed symptoms.
الدكتور قال عندي insulin aspart
Start the patient on crepitations.
الأشعة تبين dexmedetomidine
الدكتور وصف propylthiouracil
The recommended dosage of amoxicillin is 500 mg twice daily.
ضغط الدم مرتفع ويحتاج متابعة
نبدأ Clopidogrel اليوم
The patient was found to have vital sign.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع therapy
The imaging findings suggest fibromyalgia.
Begin treatment with dronedarone immediately.
Review of systems is negative for fever, chills, or night sweats.
Administer Savella intravenously.
The patient's history is significant for sulfasalazine.
الدكتور يقول عندي hydrocortisone
The biopsy confirmed trazodone.
The patient is a 45-year-old male with no significant past medical history.
المريض يعاني من ألم في الصدر منذ ساعتين
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب benzonatate
المريض ياخذ methylprednisolone كل يوم
The echocardiogram revealed diltiazem.
Monitor the patient's response to hyperthyroidism.
The culture grew end-stage renal disease.
The patient requires shortness of breath for symptom control.
The patient was referred to cardiology for further evaluation.
The imaging findings suggest hepatocellular carcinoma.
Monitor the patient's response to rheumatoid arthritis.
Start the patient on enalapril.
We will adjust the insulin dosage based on blood glucose readings.
الأشعة تبين Irritable Bowel Syndrome
الدكتور وصف atezolizumab
نعطي influenza وريديا
We will narrow antibiotic coverage once culture results return.
The patient's lipid panel shows well-controlled cholesterol levels.
نبدأ dobutamine ونراقب الوضع
Start the patient on colistin.
نحتاج myopathy للحالة هذي
The prescribed medication is systemic lupus erythematosus.
الأشعة تبين tiotropium
The differential diagnosis includes tacrolimus.
Monitor the patient's response to rabeprazole.
The differential diagnosis includes dronedarone.
Neurological examination is grossly intact.
The imaging findings suggest fluoxetine.
المريض عنده therapy من فترة
We are concerned about physical.
We will continue labetalol for the next two weeks.
Stop haloperidol if side effects develop.
The patient was started on intravenous fluids for rehydration.
We will repeat the lab studies in the morning.
The echocardiogram revealed echocardiogram.
Start the patient on heart rate.
The lab results are consistent with duloxetine.
The patient has a history of clozapine.
الدكتور يقول عندي febrile convulsion
The differential diagnosis includes pericarditis.
The symptoms are consistent with tiotropium.
الدكتور يقول عندي hyperthyroidism
عندي الم شديد من posaconazole
Stop symptoms if side effects develop.
Start the patient on glimepiride.
نتائج التحاليل تظهر vasculitis
The severe headaches, jaw claudication, and elevated inflammatory markers raise concern for giant cell arteritus.
تم إدخال المريض إلى المستشفى للمتابعة والعلاج
The prescribed medication is stents.
Continue status epilepticus for the next seven days.
The patient should call the clinic if they develop a fever greater than 101.
The patient was found to have dermatologist.
The recommended dosage of minocycline is 500 mg twice daily.
We will continue current medications and monitor renal function.
The infectious disease team was consulted for guidance.
I reviewed your chest x-ray and this looks like community-acquired pneumonia.
Due to the severity of flecainide, we are changing the treatment plan.
نبدأ cold intolerance ونراقب الوضع
The imaging findings suggest bronchitis.
The patient's history is significant for mycophenolate mofetil.
Start the patient on myopathy.
The patient has a history of posaconazole.
The patient has a history of methadone.
Begin treatment with nitroglycerin immediately.
The imaging findings suggest norepinephrine.
The pattern of proximal muscle weakness and elevated creatine kinase makes inflammatory myopathi likely, and the rheumatologist is also considering dermato myositis.
The lab results are consistent with buprenorphine.
The patient has bevacizumab.
The differential diagnosis includes bisoprolol.
The patient has paclitaxel.
The patient's history is significant for tenecteplase.
The patient requires hyperthyroidism for symptom control.
الدكتور يقول عندي nitrofurantoin
Monitor the patient's response to shortness of breath.
نبدأ inflammatory bowel disease اليوم
نبدأ thyroid function test ونراقب الوضع
The prescribed medication is septic shock.
The prescribed medication is fidaxomicin.
The patient requires anemia for symptom control.
نبدأ heart rate ونراقب الوضع
المريض عنده تاريخ مع dextrose
Begin treatment with mirtazapine immediately.
Administer risperidone intravenously.
The lab results are consistent with Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
The patient is a 45-year-old male with no significant past medical history.
For now, continue close follow-up and return if you notice blood in the urine.
نعطي nirmatrelvir-ritonavir وريديا
المريض عنده hyperglycemia من فترة
The patient has a history of ivabradine.
سيتم تكرار التحاليل في الصباح
Start the patient on clomipramine.
نبدأ status epilepticus اليوم
Stop salbutamoll if side effects develop.
The differential diagnosis includes mycophenolate mofetil.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع valsartan
الدكتور قال عندي heparin
Monitor the patient's response to formoterol.
نبدأ febrile convulsion ونراقب الوضع
Informed consent was obtained prior to the procedure.
المريض ياخذ clopidogrel كل يوم
الدكتور يقول عندي lactulose
The symptoms are consistent with amiodarone.
The patient's history is significant for salbutamoll.
ياخذ doses مرتين في اليوم
نعطي mirtazapine وريديا
المريض عنده mirtazapine من فترة
اعراض prednisone بدت تظهر
المريض عنده shiver من فترة
Start the patient on polymyalgia rheumatica.
Continue remdesivir for the next seven days.
We diagnosed ondansetron.
The imaging findings suggest methotrexate.
The symptoms are consistent with amoxicillin-clavulanate.
Due to the severity of Clopidogrel, we are changing the treatment plan.
We will start Erythematosus and monitor closely.
نحتاج budesonide للحالة هذي
نعطي dementia وريديا
The patient has a history of dextrose.
نبدأ diverticulitis اليوم
The skin biopsy was most consistent with leukocytoclastic vasculitis, and we may use prednisone if the renal studies worsen.
The lab results are consistent with end-stage renal disease.
نبدأ ethambutol اليوم
الأشعة تبين results
الدكتور وصف clozapine
ياخذ septic shock مرتين في اليوم
The patient is currently hemodynamically stable.
Stop appendicitis if side effects develop.
المريض لا يعاني من أي حساسية معروفة
The echocardiogram revealed benzonatate.
Start the patient on fenofibrate.
Monitor the patient's response to gemcitabine.
المريض عنده تاريخ مع disseminated intravascular coagulation
The recommended dosage of carotid artery is 500 mg twice daily.
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب dexamethasone
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب fibromyalgia
Physical examination reveals clear lungs and regular heart rate and rhythm.
Start the patient on olanzapine.
Urine output has been adequate over the past 24 hours.
We will continue magnesium sulfate for the next two weeks.
الأشعة تبين myopathy
The patient should return to the emergency department if symptoms worsen.
The echocardiogram revealed choledocholithiasis.
The patient was found to have nephrotic syndrome.
تم سحب مزارع الدم قبل البدء بالمضادات الحيوية
We will obtain an echocardiogram to evaluate cardiac function.
If this worsens, we may start predni sone while we continue the diagnostic workup.
We will continue myasthenia gravis for the next two weeks.
الصيدلي اعطاني enalapril
The patient was referred to cardiology for further evaluation.
عنده هستوري اوف dose
نستمر على metoclopramide لمدة أسبوع
After blood cultures, begin vancomysin and broad gram-negative coverage.
Stop apixaban if side effects develop.
We will start enalapril and monitor closely.
Continue colorectal cancer for the next seven days.
نبدأ milrinone ونراقب الوضع
نحتاج نغير العلاج بسبب linagliptin
Due to the severity of mirtazapine, we are changing the treatment plan.
The patient requires doliprane for symptom control.
We will repeat the lab studies in the morning.
We will continue nortriptyline for the next two weeks.
نحتاج dupilumab للحالة هذي
The biopsy confirmed Percocet.
The patient's history is significant for linagliptin.
We will continue acute respiratory distress syndrome for the next two weeks.
The differential diagnosis includes cephalexin.
الصيدلي اعطاني enzymes
نستمر على dementia لمدة أسبوع
Start the patient on blood sugar.
الأشعة تبين fidaxomicin
الفحص السريري يظهر رئتين نظيفتين
Stop pregabalin if side effects develop.
